Werewolves of Hanson Mall 2

Doubly Protected


Willow and Hawthorne Cunliffe decide it’s time to sell their parents’ house and reclaim their lives. But someone still wants to find them. How can this be happening? Bailey Hamilton is in jail.


Werewolves Maelor Powell and Dylan Upjohn are determined to protect Hawthorne until the problem is resolved and the safest place for her is in their bed. But could the trouble be connected to Bailey’s brother Jackson and his well-being center? The center does seem to be most unusual. No one ever seems to leave it, though new people constantly arrive.


Dylan and Maelor are determined to keep Hawthorne safe inside Hanson Mall, and they spend every possible moment with her, but she hates being confined and refuses to believe she should hide away indefinitely. This problem has to be solved before the men explode with repressed desire.


Note: This book contains double vaginal penetration.

Genre: Contemporary, Ménage a Trois/Quatre, Paranormal, Vampires/Werewolves

Length: 35,424 words





DOUBLY PROTECTED




Werewolves of Hanson Mall 2





Cara Adams





MENAGE EVERLASTING





Siren Publishing, Inc.

www.SirenPublishing.com





ABOUT THE E-BOOK YOU HAVE PURCHASED: Your non-refundable purchase of this e-book allows you to only ONE LEGAL copy for your own personal reading on your own personal computer or device. You do not have resell or distribution rights without the prior written permission of both the publisher and the copyright owner of this book. This book cannot be copied in any format, sold, or otherwise transferred from your computer to another through upload to a file sharing peer to peer program, for free or for a fee, or as a prize in any contest. Such action is illegal and in violation of the U.S. Copyright Law. Distribution of this e-book, in whole or in part, online, offline, in print or in any way or any other method currently known or yet to be invented, is forbidden. If you do not want this book anymore, you must delete it from your computer.



WARNING: The unauthorized reproduction or distribution of this copyrighted work is illegal. Criminal copyright infringement, including infringement without monetary gain, is investigated by the FBI and is punishable by up to 5 years in federal prison and a fine of $250,000.



If you find a Siren-BookStrand e-book being sold or shared illegally, please let us know at

legal@sirenbookstrand.com





A SIREN PUBLISHING BOOK


IMPRINT: Ménage Everlasting





DOUBLY PROTECTED

Copyright © 2014 by Cara Adams

E-book ISBN: 978-1-62741-391-6



First E-book Publication: March 2014



Cover design by Les Byerley

All art and logo copyright © 2014 by Siren Publishing, Inc.



ALL RIGHTS RESERVED: This literary work may not be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, including electronic or photographic reproduction, in whole or in part, without express written permission.



All characters and events in this book are fictitious. Any resemblance to actual persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.





PUBLISHER

Siren Publishing, Inc.

www.SirenPublishing.com





Letter to Readers



Dear Readers,



If you have purchased this copy of Doubly Protected by Cara Adams from BookStrand.com or its official distributors, thank you. Also, thank you for not sharing your copy of this book.





Regarding E-book Piracy



This book is copyrighted intellectual property. No other individual or group has resale rights, auction rights, membership rights, sharing rights, or any kind of rights to sell or to give away a copy of this book.



The author and the publisher work very hard to bring our paying readers high-quality reading entertainment.



This is Cara Adams’s livelihood. It’s fair and simple. Please respect Ms. Adams’s right to earn a living from her work.



Amanda Hilton, Publisher

www.SirenPublishing.com

www.BookStrand.com





Table of Contents

Title Page

Copyright Page

Chapter One

Chapter Two

Chapter Three

Chapter Four

Chapter Five

Chapter Six

Chapter Seven

Chapter Eight

About the Author





DOUBLY PROTECTED


Werewolves of Hanson Mall 2



CARA ADAMS

Copyright © 2014





Chapter One



Hawthorne Cunliffe couldn’t believe how excited she was about going for a walk. A walk for fuck’s sake! Yet she showered and dressed in clean jeans and a clean shirt as if she was about to go on a date. Technically, she wasn’t even going outside. She was living in the guest apartment in the professional suites of Hanson Mall and was going to walk around the mall. Hardly the date of the century. And it wasn’t even a date exactly. Although she was going to be with possibly the yummiest and sweetest man she’d ever met.

Hawthorne giggled. Poor Maelor. The man was built like a mountain and worked as a security guard, but around her he acted more like an overgrown puppy dog trying to apologize for chewing her favorite shoe. Maelor Powell was a werewolf shape-shifter and head of security at Hanson Mall.

He’d been running down the stairs at the mall in wolf form a few weeks ago when she and the mall nurse had been walking up them. The poor man had turned tail and raced back up the stairs so fast it would have been funny if she wasn’t so angry that these people hadn’t told her there were shape-shifters here.

Hawthorne startled as Maelor knocked on her door. She opened it, tucking her swipe card in her jeans pocket as she did.

He smiled down at her, his black eyes sparkling. “I see you’ve graduated to holding your own security pass now.”

“Yes, the center manager gave it to me just a few hours ago. Now that that asshole Bailey Hamilton’s in jail, it’s like I’ve been let out of jail. Even if you are walking with me.”

“You don’t mind me accompanying you, do you?”

Hawthorne felt mean. He was so kind and she was being snarky. “I’m glad to have your company. You can explain anything to me that I don’t understand.” Oh damn. That sounded rude, too. Fuck it. Every time I open my mouth I just insert the other foot.

The elevator was right at the other end of the hallway. Maelor swiped his pass to open the door and held it for her. “Where would you like to go first?” he asked.

“Everywhere! You’ve got no idea how exciting it is to be able to go out in public again without worrying whether or not that asshole is tracking me.”

Maelor let her walk at her own speed, lengthening or shortening his own strides as she sped up or slowed down. Hawthorne wanted to see everything at once, but walking too fast just meant she missed things and had to go back to look at them again when her brain caught up to her feet. When they reached the glass-walled elevator, Hawthorne stopped. “I want to ride in this and see everything.”

Maelor stood beside her and motioned a young mom with a pram in first. “We’ll catch it next time,” he said.

Hawthorne tipped her head back and looked up at the glass dome over the center of the mall. “I love the sun shining down on us. Sunlight is so much prettier than artificial light.”

“Having the glass there makes it really expensive to heat in winter. But you’re right. The natural light it much more welcoming than fluorescent globes everywhere. It was a smart idea of Cadfael Hanson’s to build the dome.”

“He made a few extensions here didn’t he?”

Cadfael and Rhion Jones were partnered with her sister Willow. She liked both men and was pleased for Willow, who deserved to be happy. But Maelor was much more to her taste. As was the center manager, Dylan Upjohn. Of course, she had no idea whether the two men even liked each other, but Willow had told her that the werewolves tended to share a woman as women were so scarce. Nowhere near enough female babies were being born into shifter families for their men to have one wife each.

“Cadfael added two more levels of parking to the parking lot as well as the dome, plus a few other innovations. Like the adult store and—”

Hawthorne shivered with excitement. “I’ve never been inside an adult store. It’s on the third level. Let’s go there next.”

The glass elevator dinged and they stepped inside. Maelor pressed the button for level three and Hawthorne turned to look out at the people and shops gradually moving below her. The mall was popular and well patronized. Lots of customers were hurrying from store to store, and the tables and chairs on the ground floor were well filled with people drinking coffee and eating snacks, although it wasn’t lunchtime yet. Hawthorne appreciated so many of the restaurants and food bars on that level. She and Willow had chosen many meals from them in the past few weeks, but nothing was quite the same as walking around and looking at everything herself.

Maelor led her toward the adult store and she stopped and looked at the window. It was painted pink with the words “Adult Store” across it in big black letters. Instead of having an automatic door there was a door handle almost at head height, and when Maelor turned it, a bell rang.

“To guard against children accidently coming inside?” she asked.

“Hanson Mall takes its Duty of Care seriously,” said Maelor.

“I guess that’s why it’s up here on level three with furniture stores and the like, not down lower near a toy store or kids’ clothing store.”

Inside the store, Hawthorne wandered up and down the aisles, moving slowly past rows of scented oils, lube, and candles. From there she looked at a stand of costumes for such roles as nurse, schoolgirl, and teacher. There were whips, paddles, canes, and floggers, as well as shelves of condoms. Hawthorne stopped and stared. She’d sort of assumed condoms came in sizes small, medium, and large. Well, maybe not small. Likely no guy would ever buy a small. Maybe medium, large, and extra large then. But the rack here had ninety-five different sizes according to length and girth. My goodness. How does anyone ever manage to choose the correct size?

There was a shelf full of erotic romance novels, and an even bigger shelf of erotic movies. Next were blindfolds, gags, including ball gags, and handcuffs. She rather liked the fluffy ones. On the end of the rack were some latex onesies. Hawthorne giggled. Would anyone really dress up as a condom to go to a party? Well, maybe for Halloween someone might, she supposed.

The range of dildos and butt plugs was fascinating. Although she was pretty sure she would never want to try a glass one. What if it broke? Ouch!

“See anything you like?” asked Maelor walking down the aisle toward her.

“Hell yes. But first I need a proper income before I come here on a buying spree.”

She was staring at a box of edible chocolate condoms when he asked, “Are you ready for lunch?”

“Chocolate is always good,” she replied. Then she blushed hoping he wouldn’t understand, but by the look he gave her he’d seen where she was gazing. Oh, well too bad.

They walked to the escalator and rode down to the lowest level, which was the food court.

“Dylan was hoping to join us for lunch. Are you okay with that?” Maelor asked.

Hawthorne nodded, but it made her think. How had Maelor known she liked Dylan as well? He was a security guard after all, so likely very observant. Had he seen her looking at the other man? Although she didn’t think she’d been at all obvious. Hell, it wasn’t like she’d even seen Dylan very often. As center manager he was always very busy and his office was usually the scene of endless people coming and going.

Maelor sent off a text message on his cell phone, and then let her lead the way once again. Hawthorne walked very slowly from snack bar to snack bar, looking at the menus, smelling all the wonderful food, and finally choosing a place to sit down in the center of the area, under the glass dome so very far overhead. Being in the light and sunshine was lovely, even though she was still inside.

Dylan joined them and there was a brief conversation about meal choices.

“Hawthorne, you stay here with Dylan. I’ll line up for the food.”

“Thank you.” At first she was surprised, and then she wondered if it was Maelor being so very considerate again. Dylan had been working while she and Maelor had looked around the mall. Was this Maelor ensuring Dylan had a little space alone with her?

He was very thoughtful, but she had no idea whether this part of the day was planned or happenstance.

Likely she was building it all up into something it wasn’t meant to be. Just a couple of friends who needed to eat lunch, not some kind of plan to get to know her better. Just because she was interested in them didn’t mean they had even the slightest bit of interest in her. Nor did it mean that they even liked each other, or, more especially, were prepared to join together and share a woman. Dammit!



* * * *



Some days Dylan Upjohn felt way older than his twenty-seven years. He’d been center manager of the Hanson Mall now for three years, and it was still as demanding and all-consuming a job as it was when he’d taken over after the retirement of the previous Alpha. The old Alpha had insisted his key leaders also retire when he did, paving the way for the new Alpha, Cadfael Hanson, to introduce the changes he wanted to without having to fight endlessly against the old guard and the way things used to be done. It was just another example of how astute the previous Alpha had been. It had been he who’d moved the pack off the farm and had caused the mall to be built in the first place, ensuring the pack had a viable income and plenty of worthwhile work to do. The good thing about a mall, much like a farm, was that there was a great variety of employment opportunities inside it, so that most people could find something they enjoyed doing and were capable of achieving success in.

Dylan had a degree in business management, a masters in business administration, and a never-ending headache from trying to keep the staff, both human and werewolf, happy and focused on the task of running the mall. Not to mention the needs of the customers, suppliers, buyers…the number of people he had to deal with was about the same as the number of people in the county. He’d also had a permanent hard-on ever since Hawthorne and her older sister had fled to the mall, trying to escape Hawthorne’s abusive ex-boyfriend, who was now in jail on tax fraud, of all things.

“How’s your day been?” he asked Hawthorne, taking a seat beside her at the small table.

“I’m really loving being out of the apartment and walking around in the mall. It seems much longer than just a month since I could go wherever I wanted to. It’s an amazing feeling to know Bailey can’t come after me anymore.”

Dylan smiled at Hawthorne as she waved her hands with every word she spoke. He liked that she was so animated and happy. Her gray eyes sparkled and her hair, dyed brown to make her less conspicuous when she’d first taken refuge at the mall, already had the underlying red starting to shine through once again in the sunlight from the dome.

She was pretty now. Once she washed the brown dye out of her hair she’d be truly stunning again. Her form was slender but with an underlying fitness and strength. He also thought it very likely she burned up a lot of calories because she seemed to be constantly moving around, tapping her fingers and toes, waving her hands, looking everywhere at once. But she wasn’t haunted and tense like before. Her movements now were relaxed and graceful. Dylan knew this was the real Hawthorne Cunliffe, and he was thrilled to be spending a small amount of time with her.

Maelor arrived back with their meals, including a thick slice of chocolate cheesecake, which he placed in front of Hawthorne.

“That looks amazing but I didn’t ask for a dessert.”

“I saw the way you were staring at the chocolate condoms in the adult store. I thought this was a more family-friendly way to get a chocolate fix. Although both Dylan and I will be happy for you to test-drive the other method at any time.”

Dylan tried hard not to laugh at the delightful way her face flamed red, and she waved her hands around before gasping and looking down at the table. Taking pity on her he pushed her soda over toward her so she could take a sip. Then he looked at Maelor, who gave him a thumbs-up sign. Okay so she really had been interested in chocolate-flavored condoms. He must remember to buy a box before the adult store closed for the night.

They talked intermittently about the food as they ate, then Hawthorne surprised him by asking, “How long have you both known each other? Are you friends like Cadfael and Rhion?”

It was obvious she wanted to know if they’d agreed to share a woman, but the answer wasn’t nearly as simple as the question. Since Maelor knew her better than him he raised his eyebrow at Maelor, hoping he’d answer.

“I have heard of at least one other…uh, community, where the men are required to form into partnerships and have a home and everything organized before they locate the woman they want to…uh, marry. But no. It’s only recently that our…uh, Cadfael’s manager, told everyone that such partnerships were not only possible but also welcomed. Our arrangements are much looser than that. Cadfael and Rhion have been best friends for some time and work very closely together and so understand each other very well. There’s no surprises there for them. Others of us are a more loose-knit pair that has agreed if we’re lucky enough to find someone who likes us both. Then we’re willing to work together. Dylan and I both hope that you’re prepared to get to know us better and then see if you could be happy with us.”

By the time Maelor had stumbled his way to the end of the speech Dylan was glad it hadn’t been him answering the question. Maelor had done an excellent job of giving a completely honest answer without using any terms that might cause the customers sitting at the tables around them to prick up their ears. Better than he’d done when he mentioned the adult shop in fact. Not that people attacked adult stores the way they sometimes attacked shape-shifter communities. But then again, most people didn’t think werewolves were real, and he was fine with that assessment. If they didn’t believe he existed, they wouldn’t be trying to kill him.

Hawthorne reached out across the table and patted Maelor’s hand. “I understand. Thank you for sharing.”

Dylan wanted to ask, “So, will you give us a chance?” but wasn’t brave enough right now. Instead he asked, “Hawthorne, what are your plans for the next few days? Now you can go wherever you want to once more.”

“I often used to go for a walk in the evenings after work. I might start doing that again and gradually get to know the neighborhood here. But in the meantime I was thinking of joining the gym here at the mall. I’d planned to go there next and see what kind of equipment they have.”

“A lot more men than women are members, but I know Dakota goes regularly. Do you remember Dakota?” asked Maelor.

“Of course. I met her the day I arrived. She was really helpful. I haven’t really talked to her since that day so it’ll be good to catch up with her again. Are you both finished eating? Can we go to the gym now?”

Dylan ought to go straight back to work. Maelor was off shift right now, but Dylan was supposed to work from eight to six each day. Taking a lunch break was reasonable as long as there were no crises to deal with. Wandering around the fitness center, well, likely he shouldn’t do it. But he did make his rounds visiting the stores sometimes, so too bad. He’d go as far as the door with her at least.

Hawthorne grabbed their trash, dropped it in the trash can, and then they walked to the glass elevator and took it to the fourth level. The Hanson Mall Fitness Center was at the opposite end of the building from the entry to the professional suites, tucked on the sidewall between the cinema and Sam’s Steakhouse.

Dylan couldn’t wait to see what Hawthorne would think of the gym. It had been primarily established so the werewolves would have somewhere suitable to use up their excess energy. Cadfael knew that with too many single young males around, trouble would inevitably occur unless they were able to distract themselves in fun and useful ways. There was plenty of work available at the mall. The gym was to add some fun. It was one of the areas Cadfael had greatly expanded when he became managing director of the mall and Alpha of the pack.

The back wall of the gym had been moved out, enlarging the fitness center to more than twice its original size. A boxing ring, lots more weight and exercise machines, and a lap swimming pool had been added, along with a steam room and an aerobics room. Originally most of the men had sneered at the concept of aerobics classes, until a sexy little wolf had started taking the lessons, and then suddenly they’d become extremely popular.

Maelor swiped open the door to the gym for them and let Hawthorne enter first. Dylan deliberately stood to the side so he could watch her look around.

Andreas, the manager of the fitness center, was on the reception desk as he so often was. He liked to know exactly who was in his gym at all times.

“Hi, Maelor, hi, Dylan, and I’m guessing you’ll be Willow’s sister. You have the same hair and eyes.”

“That’s right. I’m Hawthorne. I don’t have any money right now, but as soon as the house is sold I plan to become a member. Can I please just look around? And maybe take some brochures about the programs and costs?”

“Of course. But since you work here you can start coming as soon as you wish, and we’ll backdate your membership when you actually join up. As a worker at Hanson Mall you get the discount rate. I’m Andreas, the manager. Ask me any questions you want.”

“Thank you.”

Dylan felt jealous of the lovely smile she gave Andreas, and had to prevent himself from snarling and snatching her to himself. Instead, he stayed beside her as she walked through the complex, looking at everything.

“Wow!”

“Wow what?” asked Maelor.

“You’ve got mirrored walls and a sprung floor and everything. That’s awesome. I hope there’s a Zumba class I can join.”

“Zumba?” Maelor looked at Dylan and he shrugged. She might as well have been speaking a foreign language to him. He boxed, used the weights and rowing machines, and occasionally swam. That was the limit of his knowledge about the place.

All he knew was that the more he saw of Hawthorne Cunliffe, the more he wanted to get to know her better. Preferably naked and in his bed. Or in Maelor’s bed. Either would work as long as the three of them were together.





Chapter Two




After Maelor and Dylan had walked Hawthorne back to her apartment, Maelor turned to Dylan. “If we want to make her ours we need to talk, and plan, and get our act together. Did you see the look Andreas gave her?”

“Yes, I did. But he’s way too smart to push in on our territory. However, if Hawthorne doesn’t want us, all bets are off. I expect he’ll be after her himself in a heartbeat.”

“Damn straight he will be. That’s why I said we need to—”

“Yeah, yeah, I hear you. But I’m way overdue to return from my lunch break. I have to get back to my office. What shift are you on today? Have you finished for the day or what?”

“I’m on early shift this week. Midnight to 8:00 a.m.”

“Well, damn. That’s not going to work. By the time I get off tonight you’ll be asleep getting ready for your shift, and I should be at work at eight when you get off shift.”

“I don’t want to wait a whole week before we talk. I usually get some quiet time to think on this shift. It’s mostly just walking around making sure the cleaning crew is doing its thing and checking that no one is vandalizing the parking lot, or painting graffiti on the building. I’ll drop into your office when I come off shift and maybe we can talk for a few minutes to work out where we go from here. We need to take her out on a genuine date.”

“Maybe we could join her in the Zumba class. If they have one on the weekend that is,” joked Dylan.

At least, Maelor hoped he was joking. For a start, both of them often worked on weekends, and secondly he had no intention of prancing around in some girly dance class. Likely they’d expect him to wear one of those skintight, see-through dance costumes where everyone could see his cock and balls. He wouldn’t even wear one of those for a game in the bedroom, never mind in public.

Maelor was partnered on again with Dakota tonight. Even though he was the head of security, he never interfered with the rosters. They were organized by a computer program that treated everyone equally. He believed in doing the shit shifts as well as the good ones, and partnering with the other guards in rotation helped him get to know them all, their weaknesses, their failings, their strengths, and their personalities. Dakota was a good partner. She was smart and fit, so much so he had trouble remembering that she was both human and female. But she didn’t cause his cock to rise. His admiration, yes. But not his cock.

The shift turned out to be one of those nights where they were constantly on the move. First there were teenagers in the parking lot, using the supermarket trolleys to ride down the ramps like toboggans. Some people might call it harmless fun but the ramps were steep, the teenagers intrepid, and the likelihood someone would fall over the side of the parking lot onto the concrete many feet below too high.

By the time those kids were sent on their way back home, another group was trying to climb the back wall of the complex to abseil down from the dome. He called the police this time. These kids were older and came equipped with ropes and crampons and other gear.

No sooner had the police taken them away than some stupid kids were throwing pumpkins from the top deck of the parking lot at passing cars.

“Jeez, Louise, is it end of semester break or something? Hasn’t anyone taken their medication tonight?” Dakota complained as they ran up six flights of stairs.

He called a cleaning crew and stood over the kids as they scrubbed the mess off the roadway. He wasn’t sure if he could legally do that. The mall didn’t own the roadway, but none of the kids was prepared to bitch to him, so he hoped they’d learn their lesson and be glad not to have to call their parents to bail them out of the police station.

By the time his shift was over all he wanted to do was sleep. He’d think of a date to take Hawthorne on tomorrow. He might even ask Dakota what she thought Hawthorne might enjoy. Hawthorne, so sweet and beautiful, yet sharp. He’d been surprised by what she said and what she wanted to do a few times yesterday and he liked that. He rather thought a woman who was totally predictable might become boring after a while. No way could he ever imagine Hawthorne being boring.

It’d been amazing when she’d asked to go to the adult shop. His dick had almost driven its way out of his pants as he walked through the store with her. Which reminded him, he needed to buy some chocolate condoms. And a few other things she’d looked at as well. Those fluffy handcuffs. Oh yes. And maybe that really short little nurse’s uniform. He could imagine a nice game of doctors and nurse with himself, Dylan, and Hawthorne. Hell, yes.



* * * *



Hawthorne was excited to see there was a Zumba class at the fitness center, and she’d even met the woman who was the trainer for it and the aerobics classes. She was tiny, and Hawthorne was sure she was a wolf. But all Marbella had said was, “Honey, when you’re as short as I am, you need to be fit enough to run away from trouble. Ain’t no way you’ll ever be strong enough to fight it off.”

That seemed like good advice to Hawthorne. After all, running away had worked for her. The problem was, when she’d run away she’d filled her backpack with clean underwear, a pair of boots, a couple pairs of jeans, and a sweater or two. No running clothes, sweat pants, or even shorts. Oh sure she could buy whatever she wanted. She was effectively living in a mall. And since her sister was mated to the managing director of the mall, getting credit was a done deal as well.

But it just seemed wasteful, somehow, to buy an entire wardrobe of new clothes when she had a closet full of perfectly good clothing at home.

Apartment 7C had been one of the werewolf pack’s guest apartments for when visitors needed a place to stay. When she and Willow had arrived they’d been placed there with the mall’s nurse to help them and watch over them. But once they’d both settled in Nurse Eilidh had returned to her own apartment and the smaller bedroom that she’d been using had been turned into an office. The walls were covered with pinup boards of family trees. Both Willow and Hawthorne were trained in genetics and they were assembling all the data other teams had collected on werewolf family histories. When shape-shifters married other shape-shifters, after several generations, girls become scarcer, with most babies born being male. But when a shape-shifter mated a human, the birthrate returned to half boys and half girls.

Hawthorne and Willow were collating data from the family histories to try to determine if this was a new phenomenon, or whether it had always been the case. Hawthorne was still sleeping in the larger bedroom that she’d originally shared with her sister, but now Willow was living with Rhion and Cadfael in Cadfael’s top-floor apartment.

When Willow arrived to start work the next day, Hawthorne was sitting, thinking, at the small table in the living area.

“Is something wrong?” Willow asked.

“No, but we do need to talk.”

“What’s up?”

Willow sat beside her and took her hand. Hawthorne smiled. That was so characteristic of her sister. She was always caring for Hawthorne and putting her first.

“I’m fine, truly. I was just thinking that now that Bailey’s in jail we really ought to take a road trip back home and clean out the house, collect all our possessions, and put the house up for sale. I don’t know about you, but I’m starting to hate every T-shirt I’ve brought with me.”

“I know how you feel. This is no longer my favorite sweater.” Willow pulled at a loose thread on the cuff of her sweater and Hawthorne laughed.

“So when can we go? Can we borrow a car? I mean, does the mall even have vehicles? Does Cadfael have a truck or something we could borrow?”

“I don’t know. It’s not something we’ve ever talked about. But it’s definitely time for you and me to be moving on. I don’t think we need to keep any of the furniture. It might be better to sell the house furnished. It’s not like there are any antiques or things handed down for generations. There’s not even anything I particularly want. What about you?”

“I’ve been sitting here thinking and nothing there has special meaning for me. I expect we’ll keep the photograph albums, but Dad was such a terrible photographer we’ll likely end up throwing away most of the pictures anyway.”

“God, yes. There was either two-thirds of the picture showing the sky with you and me cut off at the eyebrows—”

“Or a hell of a lot of grass and us cut off at the knees. He never ever figured out how to frame a shot properly.” Hawthorne laughed.

Willow went into their office and came out holding a notepad. “Okay let’s do this properly. If we buy a whole lot of trash bags they’ll do for throwing away the things we don’t want and for holding our clothes and things that won’t fit in the suitcases. There’s what, five, six suitcases at home?”

“Six. One each for the four of us and the two new ones Mum and Dad bought before they went to Florida that time. I think that the clothes I want to keep will fit in three cases, but trash bags are a good idea. Multipurpose storage, as it were.”

Together they thought through the contents of each room, listing the few things they would want to keep. Some gadgets from the kitchen, some pictures, some books, some DVDs, a few childhood mementoes. “That should fit in a regular car with just the two of us. Now when do you want to go?” asked Willow.

Hawthorne shrugged her shoulders. “It really doesn’t matter. Any day is pretty much like any other day. But the two of us can easily deal with this ourselves. I’ll Google the realtors and as soon as we’ve tidied the house and removed our things they can put it on the market. We can sign the paperwork while we’re there.”

“Oh, we need to bring with us a small gift for the neighbors who’ve been watching the house for us.”

“Good point.” Hawthorne giggled, wondering if they’d appreciate something from the adult shop. She really liked those fluffy handcuffs.

They went through the lists again, both mentally picturing each room as they “walked” through the house, then Hawthorne went back into the office to check on realtors, while Willow ran upstairs to ask Cadfael about borrowing a truck.

Hawthorne was startled when Willow returned with Cadfael, Rhion, and Dylan. She looked from one to other and stared at Willow, who raised her hands and shoulders in a helpless gesture.

“You women are not going alone,” said Cadfael.

“Don’t you understand that Jackson Hamilton is still out there?” That was Rhion.

“So what? He doesn’t care about me. About either of us.”

“You don’t know that. Just because he wasn’t as stupid as his brother doesn’t mean you’re completely safe. Especially if you’re heading right back into his territory. At the moment likely he doesn’t know where you are, but once you start cleaning out the house and putting it up for sale he’s bound to find out,” said Dylan.

“Just tell us what you want to keep and I’ll get a team to clean the place for you,” said Rhion.

“Thank you, but I’ll choose my clothes myself.” Willow crossed her arms and glared at Cadfael and Rhion.

Hawthorne leaned back in her chair as her sister and her two men fought a verbal skirmish. It was becoming increasingly obvious that no one was going to win, so Hawthorne waved her hands at them. “Willow and I are both going. If you don’t like that, why don’t you send a couple of burly men with us? They can protect us and carry the heavy stuff as well. At least that way they’ll be vaguely useful.”

“We can’t both leave the mall,” Cadfael said to Rhion.

“No, but if you both stay, Maelor and I can go instead. There are plenty of other security people who can cover for Maelor, and Rhion can do my job for a few days.”

“As well as my own? Thanks.” But Rhion wasn’t really arguing with Dylan. Hawthorne could tell he was going to agree because he trusted Maelor and Dylan to look after Willow and her. Actually Maelor was so big likely he could protect them all by himself. However, she wasn’t going to argue either.

“Good. Now that we’ve gotten that settled, when can we leave? I suppose tomorrow is too soon for everyone to get organized?” asked Hawthorne.

“Tomorrow? Fucking hell, woman, what have you been drinking?” Dylan stared at her.

“If I contact the realtor today, and if we leave first thing tomorrow, we should only need to stay two nights. Three at the most. You do know how to scrub and sweep, I hope?” That last line was just to tease them, but she did expect them to help, at least a bit.

“Yes, I know how to clean a house. And move furniture. Wait until I text Maelor and tell him instead of a nice cushy early morning security guard shift he’s scheduled to be your personal slave for the next couple of days.”

“What time do you plan to leave tomorrow?” Rhion asked Willow.

“What time does rush hour start around here?” Willow replied.

“Six forty-five maybe. Definitely before seven.”

“We’ll leave at six. We want to be right out of town before the traffic slows down. The earlier we leave the more likely we are to arrive home before rush hour as well,” said Hawthorne.

Cadfael and Dylan discussed which vehicle they’d take, Rhion promised to see it was gassed up and the tires checked, and Dylan was already tapping out a text message to Maelor. Hawthorne hid her grin and headed into the office. She needed to spend some quality time with Google Maps and the list of realtors. She was surprised how easy it had been to gain their consent. And she wasn’t complaining about having to take the men. Although she didn’t believe for a moment Jackson Hamilton cared at all about her, she was more than happy to have a couple big men to carry out the trash and scrub the bathroom. Ha! She wondered if Dylan had guessed she was serious about making them work. Well she was. They’d be sweeping, scrubbing, and carrying for three days. And likely taking turns at driving as well.



* * * *



Maelor woke up at 10:00 p.m. as he usually did when on the early shift, and got everything ready for his day. His final piece of preparation was usually to run up and down the stairs of the professional suite in wolf form as he’d been doing the time he’d frightened Hawthorne. But when he stripped his sleep shorts off and picked up his cell phone to turn off his alarm, he noticed a message waiting for him. Curiously he tapped it and found out he and Dylan were escorting Hawthorne and Willow back home to prepare their house to be sold. “But I don’t even know where they live, far less how to get there?”

More importantly, he had to swap his sleep patterns back to the more normal way of sleeping at night instead of in the afternoon. His usual method of doing this was to stay up as late as he could manage to remain awake, and go to sleep in the new time setting. That was out. He’d already had seven hours of sleep. Well, he’d go back to bed and try for another hour or two. He reset his phone alarm for four just in case he did fall deeply asleep, before climbing back into bed. He lay there for an hour or more thinking about Hawthorne and imagining all the interesting things he could say and do with her by his side twenty-four-seven. Maybe he and Dylan could even entice her into their bed despite her sister being present.

Maelor surprised himself by managing to doze and drift restfully for another couple hours, before taking his wolf run up and down the stairs, showering, getting dressed, and packing a small bag for the road trip.

At five thirty he texted Dylan. Where are we meeting?

Reception.

Maelor took the stairs down. He, like most of the managers who had apartments in the professional suites, was on the eighth floor. Running down to the fourth floor seemed like good exercise to him, even though he knew most of the other people here always took the elevator. Apart from Cadfael. Their Alpha was notorious for making everyone walk.

Maelor was the first one to reach the foyer of the professional suites. He leaned against the wall, figuring likely he’d be stuck in a car sitting for most of the day so he might as well stand now. Once again he wished he knew where they were going so he could look up the best route to follow. He understood that his romance—if it could even be called that when they hadn’t been on a real date yet—with Hawthorne was in its very early stages, but still, it seemed a fault on his behalf that he didn’t even know where she lived. Or used to live.

The elevator dinged and he turned then hurried across to hold the doors open. But Hawthorne had only her backpack and it wasn’t even as full as when she’d arrived.

“You haven’t packed very much,” he teased her.

“It seemed stupid to bring clothes with me. I’ll use the ones there. I’m really tired of the T-shirts I have here. I’ll throw them in the trash as soon as I have the rest of my clothes.”

“I guess. I can see you must be tired of them after a few weeks. I usually get sick of living out of a suitcase by the time my vacation is ending.”

Willow arrived next, escorted by both Cadfael and Rhion, and Maelor hid a grin to see them appear in the elevator. That was one change Willow had made. Rhion had never been able to convince Cadfael not to take the stairs, but it seemed Willow had managed to do so.

Right behind them came Dylan. “I left the truck on the upper level of the parking lot. Dakota said the security team would keep an eye on it for us.”

Maelor went ahead of the others and swiped open the door to the fourth-floor parking lot. Sure enough, in the front row was a sturdy-looking, white long-cab pickup. It was a good choice. The seats were large enough to be comfortable for a long drive, and there was more than enough space in back for the women to bring plenty of things here with them. He supposed any furniture they wanted they’d be getting shipped here. Or maybe they’d be putting it in storage. He hadn’t really thought about that. If he and Dylan were going to live with Hawthorne likely she’d want her own furniture, and he and Dylan both had one-bedroom apartments. Well, they’d have to get a house. He’d just have to hope the commute to the mall wasn’t too horrendous. I suppose I’ve been spoiled by living on-site and not having to commute until now. Being with Hawthorne will be worth it though.

Dylan drove, with Hawthorne riding shotgun, to tell him which roads to take. She’d evidently done her homework because they were out of the city faster than he’d expected and onto the highway. Once the driving was easy he asked, “Where do you live? Where exactly are we going?”

“North. It’s not all that far over the border into Michigan. It’s about five hours driving, plus we’ll need to add stops on top of that time. We were heading south, hoping for warmer weather, but we didn’t get very far,” said Willow.

“Well that was mostly because we were using a complicated route. We’d catch a bus for a little while, then stop off to go in a slightly different direction. That’s the only reason we got away from Bailey. He was used to us being very logical and linear thinkers. Only by moving out of character could we sidestep him,” added Hawthorne.

“I’m glad your plan worked.” Dylan’s voice was full of heartfelt emotion. That was how Maelor felt as well. Bailey had brought Hawthorne to them and for that reason alone they had to be grateful to the vindictive bastard.

Maelor was surprised how smoothly the road trip went. The two women had done their homework and their navigation was accurate every step of the way. They all talked together like good friends. Maelor also felt he was really getting to know both women so much better, and also seeing a side of Dylan he hadn’t known before. The man had quite a deep, dry humor that made him chuckle.

It was early afternoon when Maelor pulled up outside the Cunliffe house. It was an older clapboard, with a neat yard, white-painted walls, and gray shingles.

He and Dylan got out and leaned against the truck as Hawthorne pulled a parcel out of her backpack then she and Willow walked across the street to the neighbor’s house.

After a few minutes the women stayed to talk to the lady across the road, while the man came over and shook their hands. “Bob,” he said.

“Dylan.”

“Maelor.”

“You’ll be pleased to know there’s been no sign of that Hamilton man or anyone else. Willow just said he’s in jail. Best place for him. I don’t abide a man hitting on a woman like that. It’s not right.”

“I never met him but I don’t like him,” said Maelor.

“Thank you for looking out for the house while they were away,” said Dylan.

“Not a problem. I remember their folks. Good people, the Cunliffes.”

The women joined them then and opened the house. Willow took a roll of trash bags from her backpack, and she went around collecting the items Hawthorne read to her off a list. Maelor was surprised. They had everything worked out and only very rarely one of them said, “Oh look. I forgot about that. Do we want it?”

Once the items on the list were stacked by the front door, the two men were set to cleaning the house while the women disappeared into their bedrooms to pack their clothing. That night Hawthorne and Willow slept in their parents’ bed while the two men slept in the women’s rooms. Maelor had thought it might be sexy being in Hawthorne’s bed, but so much of the room had been packed up it felt blank and empty, almost as if it wasn’t hers anymore. Which he supposed was the truth. Anyway, he was tired and slept heavily.

By the time the realtor arrived the next afternoon, Maelor and Dylan had taken out bags of trash, taken other bags to the local thrift store, and had scrubbed the house from top to bottom. Everything the women planned to keep had been locked in the truck, and he had to admit, seeing Hawthorne in a pretty blouse and skirt with sandals on her feet made all the hard work worthwhile. Also the brown dye was fading from the sister’s hair, the red more prominent every day, and that made Hawthorne even prettier in his eyes.

“The house looks real nice. We should have no trouble getting you a good price,” promised the realtor.

“I bet they say that to everyone,” muttered Willow.

“Very likely, but it does look good,” said Dylan.

“Lock the house up and let’s go,” said Maelor.

“Now?” asked Willow.

“You’ve gotten everything you want? Done everything you need to do?” he checked.

“Yes, but it’s a bit late to head off now,” argued Hawthorne.

“We’re only going as far as the local Country Inn. Bob told us they do a mighty fine steak there and we’ll book some rooms for the night as well. Then tomorrow we’ll head back to the mall.”

He watched Hawthorne’s face as he spoke and saw the secretive grin just turning up the edges of her lips the tiniest bit. Good. He’d get Willow tucked up nice and safe in a room, and then see if Hawthorne would let him and Dylan play with her some. Even a kiss would be progress, but he really hoped they got farther than that.





Chapter Three




Hawthorne had never seen such a large potato in her life before. She’d chosen it to go with her steak, and it came stuffed with coleslaw and coated in melted cheese. “Look at the size of it! I should have said we’d share one,” she said to Willow.

“Ask for a to-go box. It’ll do for your lunch tomorrow as well.”

“Oh, good plan.”

She’d seen Maelor and Dylan flicking glances at each other all night, and wasn’t at all surprised when they saw Willow safely into her room first before sweeping her with them across the hallway and into their room.

“I thought I was sharing a room with Willow?”

“You can if you want to. But we’d much prefer it if you shared a room with us,” said Dylan.

“Uh-huh. And what do you plan to do?”

“Whatever you’ll permit. We would never do anything to hurt you, you know that, don’t you?” asked Maelor.

Yes, she did. Somehow she always seemed to say unkind things to him, yet she didn’t mean to.

Dylan turned her to face him and kissed her. And oh, how he could kiss. He nibbled and licked at her lips until she opened them, and then he stroked inside her mouth so gently and sweetly she had to grab his head to hold him still until he’d fulfilled her properly. By then Maelor had stepped up to join them. He pressed his body against hers like a blanket of heat, before the two men swung her around and Maelor cupped the back of her head with one hand, and her chin with the other, and kissed her so deeply she had to clutch his shoulders because her knees had melted with lust.

Dylan pulled her back to sit on his knee, as he sat on the bed. Maelor pushed her sandals off, then unbuttoned her blouse. As each button exposed her skin, Dylan kissed the fresh expanse of her flesh. Hawthorne’s brain kicked into gear. Two people could play that game. She tugged at the buttons on his shirt, opening it wide and stroking his abs. She tilted her head backward and when Dylan took advantage of her movement to lick the tops of her breasts, she slid her hand between them until she found one of his nipples and rubbed her palm over it.

Now Maelor pushed her back onto the bed so she was lying down, and lay beside her. He was so big that even though his body was higher up the bed than hers, his feet hung off the end of it. She crawled closer to him and rolled his shirt up, stroking his chest and finding his nipples. Maelor’s hair and eyes were black and his skin quite tanned, even his chest. Perhaps he ran around topless a lot in summer. Maybe she’d ask him about that sometime.

Before she had a chance to explore him farther, Dylan had pulled off her skirt and settled behind her, his hands on her bra.

“If my bra is coming off you both have to take your shirts off properly,” she said.

“Can do,” said Maelor and his shirt went flying across the room. She heard a thunk, and realized he’d kicked his shoes off as well.

Then both men pressed their bodies tightly against hers and four hands were stroking her skin everywhere. She wanted to play, too, but was busy feasting her eyes on their magnificent bodies. They were both built very nicely, with taut chests and bulging arm muscles. She’d pretty much expected Maelor would be muscular, since he worked as a security guard and needed to stay fit. But Dylan’s job was predominantly a desk one, and there was no sign of fat or flabbiness about him either. Woo-hoo! Who’s a lucky girl then?

Four hands were touching her skin, stroking and petting her. She didn’t have to look to know that Dylan was the more possessive one, and Maelor the more worshipful. She really needed to watch her mouth around Maelor. She had no idea why she said sharp things to him. She really liked him and wasn’t usually harsh in her speech. But things just seemed to slip out of her mouth when she was with him, and they didn’t sound as she’d intended them. Oh well, keeping her mouth shut right now would work. Although their hands did feel very nice.

Dylan was teasing her hips and belly and she could guess where he’d be touching her next. She turned slightly to use both her hands on him, tugging at his belt and unsnapping the button at the waistband of his pants. Then she wiggled the other way and did the same with Maelor. Maelor pressed his big hand on her shoulder, urging her to lie flat. She was fine with that plan because now her hands could stroke the men on either side of her, and she had access to their skin from the faces all the way down to inside their pants. Boxers or briefs? I’m about to find out.

Maelor sucked her nipple into his mouth, and then sucked harder, pulling the entire areola in. “Momma Mia, that feels good.”

“I’m glad you like it,” he said huskily, before bending to suck the other one.

Dylan had a hand on either side of her panties now, sliding them off her hips and down her legs. That was hardly fair. She hadn’t touched either of them below the waist yet. She evidently needed to move a little faster.

She gripped his hair with one hand, holding his mouth at her breast where he was now licking wet lines on her skin in a random pattern that was driving her crazy with need. She stretched out her other hand, running it along Dylan’s side, then over his back. He was all muscle, but moving steadily down her body, so gradually sliding out of her reach. Part of her wanted to say, “Come back so I can touch you,” but the other part of her was enjoying his touch on her skin so much there was no way she planned to stop him.

He licked her belly button, then moved lower, lifting one of her legs so he could touch the line where her trunk and leg joined. She curled her leg over his shoulders, holding him there. When she looked down, the two men were pressed together, each working on her body to drive her lust higher. It occurred to her that this required great trust of the other man, as well as simple cooperation. Each one had to know the other was supporting him, that they were a team, not trying to turn this into a contest to see who could bring her to orgasm first, but rather, to work together so all three of them achieved great pleasure.

That told her a lot about these men, the fact that they were honorable and worthy, putting her pleasure ahead of their own, as well as being good team players. Truly they were special and she was spoiled to have their attention.

It was right then that Dylan thrust his tongue deep into her cunt and her brain stopped working completely. She threaded her fingers through Dylan’s light brown hair while her other hand kept a grip on Maelor’s silky black locks. She pushed her hips up into Dylan’s mouth and her breasts up into Maelor’s, whimpering, “Momma Mia,” all the while.

Her orgasm was inevitable and powerful, racing through her body like a tornado and throwing her around with its strength. Maelor possessed her mouth again with his, but kept his fingers on her breasts, teasing her nipples as he kissed her deeply. Dylan’s tongue flicked over her clit then along her slit, licking her cream, before sucking her clit again. By the time the aftershocks stopped she lay limply on the bed, flat on her back, completely replete from the climax and exhausted by the emotions still racing through her mind.

Silently the men helped her dress, then Maelor said, “When we get back to the mall we’ll take you on a proper date, but this still counts as our first date.” Bemused, she nodded, and let them take her back across the hallway to the room she shared with Willow. It was only when she was in her bed that she made sense of what they’d said. Apparently they don’t believe in sex on a first date. Well to me, that was sex, but hey, we can play this by their rules. I don’t mind. Momma Mia, what an orgasm!



* * * *



Dylan was driving with Willow beside him navigating. He wondered how he, Maelor, and Hawthorne would set up house. Since Hawthorne hadn’t wanted to keep her family furniture he wasn’t sure if that meant she’d rather buy new things, possibly ones she liked better, or ones with no memories attached to them of her parents who’d died. But either way, since all of them lived in small apartments they’d need to get a much bigger apartment for them to be together, which would mean more furniture. He wondered what Willow had planned about her future living arrangements. Of course, her situation wasn’t quite the same because Cadfael’s apartment was bigger, but nevertheless what she was doing might help him and Maelor work toward decisions themselves.

“Willow, have you, Cadfael, and Rhion decided where you’ll live?”

“Yes, we’ll be staying in Cadfael’s apartment. Rhion and Cadfael both need to be on-site at the mall to deal with issues as they arise. Even commuting from the apartment building the pack owns, although it’s only twenty minutes away, it’d still be a nuisance. By the time they got the message, got dressed, and drove there, the situation they were needed for could have gotten out of hand.”

“Is Cadfael’s apartment big enough for you all? I know it’s quite big, but still, is it family sized?” asked Hawthorne.

“We’re going to convert the second bedroom into storage. There’s not enough closets right now. The living room and kitchen are big enough for three of us, and so are the bedroom and bathroom.” Willow stopped talking as everyone laughed. The bathroom had been built by a bathroom supply company and was huge and luxurious.

“Yes, yes, but the second bedroom is really tiny, and the apartment has so little storage space. We’re going to add a floor-to-ceiling closet the full length of the long wall, which will be big enough for all Rhion’s and my things. Both men have their own offices in the professional suites already, and we can use the conference room on level six if Cadfael needs to entertain customers. After all, that’s what he’s always done in the past.”

“That makes sense. What’s going to happen about apartment 7C?” asked Maelor.

“Cadfael has said it’s ours to use as long as we need it,” said Willow.

“But we shouldn’t keep using it when really it’s more an office than anything else. Perhaps there’s a disused office that we can move into,” said Hawthorne.

“You’re welcome to sleep in my apartment, Hawthorne,” said Dylan.

“Or mine,” added Maelor.

“I’ve been thinking of maybe looking at the apartment building where the wolves live. I’m really very spoiled and well looked after in 7C, but I’m used to living in a house and having a little more space. As well as a proper stove, and a washing machine, and a dryer. As I said, I guess I’m being childish and spoiled but somewhere a little larger would suit me better. No, not larger. That’s not quite right. But more house-like and less hotel-like perhaps is a better way of phrasing it.”

“I understand.” Dylan did. It was the type of thing he’d been thinking, but she’d phrased it better. She wanted a home, a real home again. He and Maelor needed to put their heads together and work out how to give it to her.

“Can Dylan and I take you to the pack apartment building one day to look around? We could call first and find out if there are any vacant apartments, or if there will be soon,” said Maelor.

“I’ll find out the address and talk to them first. There’s no sense going unless there’s something suitable available,” said Hawthorne.

Well damn. There was another idea for an outing together that wasn’t going to happen. He needed to get a better plan. Ah, yes. “Do you still want to go walking around the neighborhood? Maybe we could look for vacant apartments while we walk?”

Hawthorne spoke slowly and at first he thought she was going to say no. “I suppose it would be better not to go outside alone at first. Okay, I’ll check the local realtors as well and maybe plan a walk. But I’ll look at the pack building first.”

Dylan figured that was the best he could hope for. And it wasn’t a no, so he was doing okay so far.

“I’m hungry. The next time there’s a sign for takeout let’s stop,” said Maelor.

“You’re always hungry,” teased Willow.

“It’s all that vacuuming, and sweeping, and scrubbing you made me do.”

Dylan laughed. Yes, they’d worked hard, but the house hadn’t been really dirty. It wasn’t that bad. And being with Hawthorne made it all worthwhile. Fuck, last night his dick had been as hard as a spike and his balls blue by the time he’d coaxed her to orgasm. Next time he had to fuck her. They both did. Hopefully she’d say yes. And he still needed to buy those damn chocolate condoms she’d talked about, too.



* * * *



The next few days raced by with so much to do Maelor could hardly find the time to think straight. He did manage to visit the adult store and buy a box of chocolate flavored condoms, and a pair of fluffy pink handcuffs, though. Dylan had checked up with local realtors and the news wasn’t good. There didn’t seem to be any nice apartments vacant in the immediate neighborhood around the mall. Damn. That meant they needed to think of something else.

He and Dylan finally got together on Friday and hurried up to 7C.

“Hi, Willow, hi, Hawthorne,” said Dylan.

“Hawthorne, we hoped you’d come out for a walk with us this evening,” said Maelor.

“Oh, I’m sorry. I’ve booked in for my first Zumba class. I’m really looking forward to it. Could we reschedule, please?”

“Zumba?” Maelor had a vague idea she’d mentioned Zumba before, but he couldn’t think when or where. Oh yes, when they’d walked her around the mall and she’d seen the fitness center. That’s right.

“What’s Zumba?” asked Dylan.

“It’s kind of a cross between aerobic dance and martial arts.”

“Dance? Uh, Hawthorne, I don’t think—”

Willow smiled at him in a manner that told him really clearly he wasn’t going to like what she said next.

“That’s all right, Maelor. Marbella told us the class is more than half men, so we’ll be perfectly safe.”

“Men do this Zumba class?” Dylan’s voice rose to almost a screech and Maelor knew exactly what the man was thinking. Pretty much what he was thinking, too. They were going to have to attend some stupid, girly, froufrou, pink tutu dance gig, just to ensure their woman was safe.

“What time is it? Can we come with you?” Maelor hoped he sounded vaguely positive. He hated the thought of attending the class, but shit, what options did he have? None. Some other wolf could be intent on catching her interest while he wasn’t there to protect her.

“You’ll have to check with Marbella. I don’t know whether the class is full or not.”

“That’s okay. I think it’d be better if we just watched you the first time,” said Dylan.

Willow snorted at him and Hawthorne’s lips were twitching. Yeah they knew how he and Dylan felt about dancing. But too bad. “Can we go walking tomorrow afternoon instead of tonight?” he asked. At least something good might come out of this meeting.

“Of course.” Hawthorne reached up and kissed both him and Dylan very lightly. Wow. That was nice. He longed to pull her back into his arms for a much better kiss but the opportunity was gone. Hawthorne opened the apartment door and he and Dylan left.

“We’d better go see Marbella I guess,” said Dylan.

“I’ve got a really bad feeling about this. Dancing. Yuck!”

He and Dylan walked straight around to the fitness center. The manager, Andreas, was sitting at the reception desk as he so often did. “How can I help you?”

“Is there space for two more of us to join the Zumba class tonight, please, Andreas?” asked Maelor.

Andreas leaned forward on both elbows and frowned. “Marbella is married.”

“So what? I mean, I know that. Why are you telling me?”

Maelor was totally confused. Marbella was a sexy little wolf but what did that have to do with anything?

“Hawthorne has joined the class. We’re asking because of her,” said Dylan.

“Oh, is that the problem? Yes, I don’t really want to do a dance class, but Hawthorne wants to,” said Maelor.

“I didn’t think you two looked like true Zumba aficionados. It’s an energetic class. Marbella expects people to work hard.”

Dancing was working? He really couldn’t see that. “So what time should we be here?” he asked.

“Seven. Wear shorts and gym shoes and bring a bottle of water and a towel.”

Water and a towel? Did Andreas really think he was that unfit? “Okay.”



* * * *



Hawthorne was really excited about her first Zumba class. She’d been to a few classes as a guest with a friend from her old job but hadn’t been free to join a class and was thrilled to have gotten herself in this one. Andreas had warned her Marbella took the class seriously, so she was ready for a good workout. She noticed most people had a towel and a bottle of water. Some of them wrapped the towel around their necks, but she left hers on a chair at the back of the room as some other people did.

Soon the pounding, rhythmic music began and Hawthorne joined a row of people toward the back of the class, but where she had a clear view of Marbella to watch her moves. Fortunately the huge mirrors on the walls meant the teacher’s reflection was multiplied and Hawthorne was confident she’d be able to watch her. Whether she could perform all the steps fast enough to keep up with the group was something else again.

Marbella was wearing a headset and microphone, and called out the instructions as she did them, which helped Hawthorne understand which direction she needed to move in. The class started simply with sidesteps and stomps, arms out, arms up, turn around. But soon the steps became more complicated and the pace was unending. There was no time to recover after one sequence of steps as the next had already begun. When they turned around and marched toward the back wall, Hawthorne was surprised to see Dylan and Maelor in the back row. Maelor’s black hair was wet with perspiration and the center of his wifebeater was dark with sweat. She was glad she wasn’t the only one working damn hard to keep up here.

By the end of the class Hawthorne’s legs were wobbly and her thighs ached. She staggered over to the chair with her towel, bottle of water, and sweater on it, dropping onto the seat and drinking down half the water in a few gulps. She dried her face and neck and looked up to see Dylan and Maelor standing beside her.

“She really makes the class work,” said Dylan, tipping water on his hair and rubbing it with his towel.

“This is the easy class. I can’t imagine doing the advanced class,” said Hawthorne.

“It gets worse? Shit, no.” Maelor pulled her to her feet. Already the people in the next class were starting to come into the room.

Maelor’s hand on her back was gentle, but the heat of it penetrated right through to her bones, making her think of that big hand on other places of her body. Still, it was nice to have the men escort her back to her apartment. “Tomorrow we’ll collect you at seven to go walking. And maybe we’ll stop for a snack along the way,” said Dylan.

Hawthorne wasn’t sure whether he was asking her or telling her, but she was fine with the program so nodded.

“And next Friday you’ll be doing torture class again?” asked Maelor.

“Absolutely.”

“We’ll be there.”

Hawthorne grinned. He didn’t sound nearly as keen about that as about the walk. But she’d enjoyed the class. Okay, likely she’d have some stiff muscles tomorrow, but it was still fun. No way would she give up her Zumba classes.



* * * *



“Cadfael? It’s Harry Harrison.”

Oh, hi, Harry. Have you got some news for me about the mental well-being center and Jackson Hamilton?”

“Yes, I have and I don’t think you’re going to like it at all. I also think you’ll need to pass it on to the Supreme Alpha. The other packs need to know this as well.”

Fuck! Cadfael sat down in his office chair and turned his back to the window. He needed to concentrate. Was Willow in danger? Or Hawthorne? “I’m listening. Tell me what you’ve learned.”

“My people have been watching Hamilton’s mental well-being center for almost a month now and no one ever leaves it. New people are brought in at the rate of about one a week, almost always by ambulance. But no one has been released at all while we’ve been observing the place.”

“That is strange. It would seem more likely that they’d need to send patients home to free up beds for the new arrivals. Unless the facility is very new and isn’t even close to full yet.”

“It’s not that new. Hamilton’s been running it for a couple of years now and I’ve got the same people who learned about Bailey’s tax fraud looking into its financial status. But it seems to be making a profit, so why does no one leave?”

“You’re sure of that?”

Cadfael didn’t want to seem like he was questioning Harrison’s work, more that he’d like some extra information. No one ever leaving sounded very ominous indeed.

“Yeah. Laundry day is Monday. They unload a van full of clean linens then pick up bags of dirty things. Wednesday groceries arrive. My people have excellent video footage and those deliveries are absolutely legit. No bodies in the laundry bags.”

Cadfael tapped his fingers on the desk until he thought of something. “Have your people tried to work out about how many people that quantity of groceries would feed? I mean. I know that sick people wouldn’t eat as much as a man doing physical labor, but has anyone tried to take a guess at how many are inside the facility?”

“No. That’s a good idea. I’ll get Tegan to follow up on that. Jayden’s been talking to a military buddy to see if we can borrow equipment that will count heat signatures to try to give us a head count, but that’s not organized yet. Jayden’s still in discussions with his contact.”

“Thanks for the information, Harry. I appreciate all you’re doing. It definitely sounds like something suspicious is going on at that place.”

“By the way, Hamilton owns the property legitimately. He’s bought the whole thing. Well, that is, he has taken out a mortgage on it. But he’s making full and regular payments on the loan, so he has to be making decent money.”

Cadfael leaned back in his chair and stretched. “Well, damn. I wish I knew what the fuck was going on there. I didn’t trust Bailey and I don’t trust Jackson either. I want to think Willow and Hawthorne are safe but I can’t relax yet.”

“No. Don’t relax. I don’t trust this man either. Now, are you going to report to Mr. Vukic, or do you want me to do it?”

“Likely it’s best if you talk to him. All the information is at your fingertips. If he asked me questions I probably wouldn’t know the answers. But please reassure him I’m not done yet. I want this mystery solved and I won’t rest until my woman and her sister are both safe. Thank you, most sincerely, for all your work. You’ve told me a lot.”

“No problem, Cadfael. I’m only sorry we don’t have an answer yet.”

Cadfael clicked off the call. Yeah, he was sure as hell sorry there was no answer yet either. But something smelled wrong about Hamilton’s clinic, and he was fucking certain he wouldn’t let the problem go until Willow was safe no matter how long it took or how much money it cost him.

As well as that, someone was going to have to tell Hawthorne she couldn’t move out of the mall and live in an apartment yet. Not until he was positive she’d be safe. He hoped Willow’s sister wasn’t going to be angry about that. They were both redheads with the feisty spirit that typified their hair color. Too bad. Maelor would just have to get out his handcuffs and rope if she wouldn’t listen to him.





Chapter Four




Dylan and Maelor had planned the walk carefully, wanting to show Hawthorne the highlights of the neighborhood, but without taking her anywhere near any areas that might be even the slightest bit unsavory. Not that anywhere around the mall was bad, or even particularly unsafe. There were no gangs here. But still, it wasn’t the top end of town either, nor was it like the apartment building the wolf pack owned, where every person living there was known to the others and held accountable for any guests they invited.

They chose the restaurant where they’d eat with the same attention to detail. It was a tiny pizza and pasta bar, with red and white checked tablecloths and the maître d’ was the owner himself. His wife cooked the pasta, and their children were the servers. It was like something from a previous century, but the food was amazing and the service outstanding. Dylan was sure Hawthorne would enjoy visiting there.

And after that. Ah, after the pasta he hoped Hawthorne would agree to come home with them and this time they’d fuck her properly. They’d give her so many orgasms she’d want to stay with them forever.

Their walk began just the way Dylan had imagined it, with Hawthorne tucked between him and Maelor, setting the pace, and them all talking easily about the things they saw. Unfortunately it went off the rails within the first ten minutes. They came to an intersection and the men led the way to turn right.

“Why are we turning right? I can see stores and a tall building down this way?” she asked.

“There are big houses with nice gardens this way though,” said Maelor.

Dylan took one look at her determined chin and knew she wasn’t going to follow their plan. Just then the lights turned green for them to go the way Hawthorne wanted to, and she took off. He glanced at Maelor and they both shrugged, before catching up with her, and keeping her between them again.

But that set the pattern for their walk. Dylan’s careful plan was discarded and Hawthorne chose where she wanted to go. At least with the two of them to protect her she was safe, but he’d have much preferred her to stay on the path he and Maelor had chosen.

When they eventually worked their way around to the restaurant, he breathed a huge sigh of relief. She liked it. She laughed and chatted with their server, she read the menu carefully before choosing her preferred dish, and then she complimented them and the staff on the meal. Dylan’s heart beat faster. She was so lovely to look at and a delight to be near. He and Maelor could talk to her about the need to stay out of danger later. Only one thing remained. To convince her to come home with them.

As they left the restaurant, Dylan asked, “Will you please come home with us now?”

“Back to the mall?”

“Yes, but specifically to my apartment in the mall.”

“Your apartment?”

“Yes, ma’am.”

“We’d really like the chance to make love to you properly,” added Maelor.

“What made you choose your apartment, Dylan, instead of Maelor’s?”

“We can go to Maelor’s if you’d prefer, but my apartment is next to Rhion’s, which is vacant now, apart from all their stored things, until the new closets are finished, so we thought it’d be more peaceful for you.”

Hawthorne giggled. “In case I scream when I come?”

“I’d really like you to scream when you come. Scream loudly. But the neighbors might knock on the door to check you’re okay and that could spoil the mood,” said Dylan, hoping she was just teasing them.

It seemed she was teasing because she laughed again but made no more comments.

It was really nice walking the streets, now quite dark, with Hawthorne between them still looking around at everything they passed. It was hard to remember she’d been kept inside for weeks to be safe from Bailey Hamilton. Well, now he was in jail and she could start to enjoy her life again. In freedom and safety. Surely it wouldn’t be too hard for them to find an apartment together not too far from the mall. One that Hawthorne would like.

“You’ve made quite a few comments about the gardens, Hawthorne. Would you like an apartment with a garden? Some of them have shared gardens where you can grow things,” said Maelor.

“It’s strange. I do like plants very much. But I don’t have the patience to grow them myself. I either overwater them, or forget to water them at all. Either way I don’t have a very good record with growing things. Even potted plants on the balcony don’t survive well under my care.”

Dylan had the feeling she was about to say something more, when she frowned and pulled her cell phone out of her jeans pocket. “Willow wants us to go up to her apartment as soon as we get back to the mall. She said to text her when we reach the building and Rhion will come down to swipe us up to their floor.”

“Something’s wrong,” said Maelor.

“I agree.” Unconsciously Dylan began walking faster as did Maelor. Hawthorne lengthened her stride to keep up with them.

What the fuck has happened?



* * * *



Hawthorne paced the floor in Cadfael’s apartment, which was where Willow lived now with him and Rhion. “So what you’re saying is that Bailey’s brother Jackson is also doing something wrong. Something that involves his wellness, no, well-being—what a stupid name—center. Like, he’s killing people off, or keeping them trapped there or something?”

“Harry doesn’t know for certain. But that’s what he’s thinking right now,” said Cadfael.

“And he could still be looking for Hawthorne and Willow to lock them up,” added Maelor.

“Yes. Which means both women are still at risk,” said Rhion, pulling Willow closer to himself.

“What a fucking nuisance. Just when I thought my life was my own again.”

“You’re safe inside the mall, but I don’t know how safe you are outside where anyone could see and recognize you. We don’t know if he has people looking for those he wants or not,” said Cadfael.

“You mean he could have a list of people to be captured?” Hawthorne’s heart beat even faster but she wasn’t afraid. She was angry. She was sick and tired of Bailey trying to control her life and she was absolutely not going to submit to him or his brother again.

“Yes.”

“What about that wolf I saw? Whatever happened about him? Is he a clue?” Hawthorne asked.

“Harry wasn’t looking into that for me. Someone else was. And it’s rather difficult. It’s not like I could paste a sign up on a store window telling him to contact me.”

Hawthorne couldn’t help smiling. No, likely that wouldn’t work. “Well if you do find anything out, please tell me. Meanwhile, I’ll ask Helena at the beauty parlor to make my hair brown again. There are a whole lot more brunettes in the world than redheads.”

“Ugh. I’ll come with you and get mine redone, too. Or maybe we could go blonde,” said Willow.

By the time Hawthorne left Willow’s apartment with Maelor and Dylan, all thoughts of sex had faded from her mind. When Dylan pushed open the door to his apartment, she sat down on his couch and asked, “What do you think about whether or not Jackson is collecting people and locking them up? Why would he do that? Do you think rich people are paying him to keep their troublesome or drug-addicted kids safely out of the gossip magazines? Or could there be something else behind his actions?”

“It could be wealthy people getting rid of troublesome family members. Maybe someone who has a mental impairment or an addiction. But because of the shape-shifter you saw, I’d be inclined to think Hamilton’s center is being used to get either people who believe in shape-shifters out of the way, or else to lock up shape-shifters themselves. That would be my worry. Not that it’s fair to lock up people just because they have a mental health issue. Plenty of people live useful and happy lives while dealing with such issues,” said Maelor.

Deep down Hawthorne knew he was right. The wolf she’d seen was the trigger that had started this whole problem off. And getting Bailey out of her life hadn’t solved the underlying problem at all.

“Well, fuck. That’s a real hassle then.”

“It’s nothing we can solve right now. Cadfael has people working on it, and we just need to be patient and keep you safe until the issue is resolved,” said Maelor.

“But fucking would be good. It’s something we’d very much like to do with you,” said Dylan.

Both men were standing in front of her now. Dylan stretched out his hand and pulled her to her feet. She liked the way he did that. Maelor had done it before, too. It was them exerting their control over her, but in a gentle and helpful way. It didn’t make her feel helpless or subservient, just protected and cared for.

Fucking. Yes. She’d been looking forward to it all day. It was something she wanted. She was ready to do that with these men. She liked them both very much. Not that she was ready to commit to being with them or anything, but she was more than ready to spend time with them and get to know them better. Right now, getting to know them in bed sounded good to her.

“All right. I agree. Have you got condoms?”

Like matching bookends both men reached into their pants and pulled out a box of chocolate-flavored edible condoms. “I don’t think we’ll need quite that many.” She giggled.

“Oh, you never know,” said Dylan.

“Great minds think alike,” added Maelor.

The men led her into Dylan’s bedroom. His apartment was just an ordinary one, the room an average size, but the bed was big and the quilt on it was in multiple shades of brown all swirling around together. It was manly, but welcoming. Hawthorne looked all around and absorbed the atmosphere. It was really strange, but she felt at home here, as if she belonged in this place.

Dylan pulled the quilt down to the end of the bed, and Hawthorne caught a glimpse of deep gold sheets and tan pillowcases, and then Maelor was quickly stripping her clothes from her. She unbuttoned his pants and pushed them down his hips. It seemed like she’d been waiting for a very long time to see these two cocks. Already she thought of them as hers, but first she needed to look at them properly. And to taste them. Hell yes. What flavors would they be? Would she even like their taste? What if she didn’t? Oh well, the chocolate condoms would work she supposed.

As soon as Maelor’s pants had dropped she kneeled in front of him and lifted his cock out of his boxers. He was thick and long with a broad head. His skin was still darker than hers or Dylan’s, even on his shaft, which meant he was naturally olive toned. She flicked her tongue over his cockhead then dipped the tip of it into the little eye. There was just the tiniest bead of pre-cum sitting in the slit. She savored his flavor. Mostly salty, but the tiniest hint of almonds. Very nice. She licked up and down his shaft, sucked his head into her mouth again, and then scraped her teeth over the top of him before rolling his balls in her hand.

She was just about to stand up, when Maelor pulled her upright. “We’re supposed to be teasing you, not you teasing us.”

“But I haven’t tasted Dylan yet.”

“In a little while. First let’s finish undressing you.”

She was naked and on the bed in a flash, but just had time to grab hold of Dylan’s arm and drag him down with her. Quickly she scrambled on top of him, unbuckling his belt, unzipping his jeans, and pushing them down. Like Maelor, he was wearing boxers, but his were a sober dark blue whereas Maelor’s had skulls and crossbones all over them.

Hawthorne concentrated on releasing Dylan’s cock and getting to know it. It was just as long as Maelor’s but probably not quite as wide. But then, Maelor was muscular all over, so it was logical his cock would be bigger, too. Now for a taste. She sucked Dylan’s cockhead into her mouth and sucked. He was already leaking pre-cum and had a rich, spicy taste.

“Very nice.”

“I’m glad you liked it.”

Maelor’s hands were on her ass. “Have you been fucked here before?”

“No.”

“May we introduce you to ass-fucking? We’ll be very gentle and prepare you properly,” said Maelor.

Suddenly that was what she wanted. More than anything she wanted both of them to fuck her. One in her cunt and the other in her ass. Her cream was coating her inner thighs she was so aroused. “Yes,” she whispered.

Maelor rolled off the bed and grabbed his pants, pulling a small tube of lube from his pocket.

“You’re quite the Boy Scout, aren’t you? Always prepared,” she said.

Maelor looked right into her eyes and said, “I’ve been waiting for tonight ever since I met you. I want to show you how I’ll love you,” he said.

Once again guilt rolled through Hawthorne. What was it about her and this man? He was kind, gentle, considerate, yet she was always saying cruel things to him. Something about his goodness brought out the very worst in her. “I’m sorry. That was rude. I’m glad you’re being thoughtful.”

“Let me distract you, while Maelor prepares you,” said Dylan, using both his legs to push hers wide apart, and wrapping his arms around her back so her body was pressed tight to his.

“I could suck your cock. That way I couldn’t say anything at all.”

“Yes, but your sexy naked body is enough to drive me crazy. If you put your mouth on my cock I might not be able to wait for the main event and that would be sad.”

“Hmm. I suppose so.”

Hawthorne relaxed into his arms and waited to see what these two wolves would do. Maelor was a big man all over, so she expected his finger in her ass to feel huge and intrusive. But he was smarter than that. First he teased around the outer rim, coating it with lube and only very gradually inserting the tip of a finger inside to rub the slippery gel around the opening of her rear channel. By the time his finger was inside her, she was trying to divide her attention between his hands on her ass and Dylan’s mouth trailing wet kisses up over her collarbone and along her neck. Several times she tried to turn her head to capture Dylan’s lips with hers, but he wouldn’t let her, constantly moving his mouth elsewhere in a sensuous slide that nearly drove her mad with the need for something more.

Hawthorne also became very gradually aware of an unexpected scent. It was something floral, yet there were no flowers in the room. No, not floral exactly but…“Cinnamon. I can smell cinnamon.”

“It’s the lube. I thought cinnamon would blend nicely with chocolate. After all, people often put cinnamon on their hot chocolate drinks.”

Hawthorne giggled. “Very true.”

But soon she couldn’t think at all. The fingers teasing her ass were driving her wild, and Dylan’s gentle sucking and licking had detoured into nibbling on her ear and neck, making her cunt drip cream and her head dizzy with desire.

“I’m ready. Can we fuck now?”

“Are you sure?” Maelor pressed two fingers deep into her ass, twirling them around and lighting a fire in every nerve ending there.

“Yes!”

Dylan reached for the condoms and Hawthorne sat up straight over his body. “Let me.”

Carefully she rolled it down his length before turning to Maelor. “Now you.”

He lay on the bed beside her, his cock standing up like a soldier about to salute. Once she’d sheathed him in latex she pressed a kiss to the head of his cock. She flicked her tongue over the condom some more. “Hmm. It does taste of chocolate. But I can’t imagine it’d be the same as actually eating candy.”

“We can test that out later if you like. Right now I’m dying here. Are you ready?”

“Fuck yes.”

“Good, because I really don’t want to wait any longer,” said Dylan.

She deliberately teased him by rubbing her wet pussy over his thighs before wiggling a little higher on his body and placing his cock at her pussy entry. Hawthorne stared into his attractive face. Dylan’s jaw was strong and square, his eyes bright blue, and his hair a soft light brown. He was a hell of an attractive man. He also had a mighty fine cock that stretched her cunt wide as she slid down over him. He filled her completely, before wiggling another inch deeper until his balls were pressed tight against her skin.

“Mmm, so good.”

“It feels mighty fine from down here, too,” said Dylan, flexing his cock in her cunt, causing shivers of lust to run up and down her spine. Dylan gripped her tightly, forcing her completely flat on his body, as Maelor held her ass cheeks open and brushed his cock over her rear entry.

A completely different shiver raced through her senses this time. This was one of yearning. Every dark and naughty desire she’d ever imagined was about to be fulfilled. Up until now the sex she’d experienced had been vanilla. She’d never even had anal sex although she’d contemplated it a few times, just as she’d thought about whether or not she’d like to have her ass spanked. But her relationship with Bailey hadn’t been a sexual one, and now, looking back, she suspected something about him had caused her to remain a little aloof from him. She’d never fully trusted him. And that was just as well.

However, she did trust Maelor and Dylan. Over and over they’d shown themselves caring and trustworthy, the type of men she could relax with and be herself. Her relationship with them was one where commitment was possible, because she understood them, and they accepted her as she was, even when she spoke before thinking. Right now, thinking wasn’t going to happen, though. The cock pushing into her ass was far too arousing. There was pressure, and fullness, but mostly there was a driving need for more. More penetration, more pressure, more fullness, and most of all, more movement.

“More,” she demanded.

“I’m trying to take this slowly.” She could hear the tension in Maelor’s voice.

“I’m not made of glass. I won’t break.” Hawthorne tried to lunge backward onto Maelor’s cock but Dylan kept his grip on her.

“Not yet, petal. Soon, though.”

Hawthorne licked Dylan’s chest and tasted his sweat. Hah. This was hard for him as well. He’d been very good, not trying to fuck her or take control, just holding her still, waiting for Maelor to be ready. It was another sign of how united these men were. They might not be best friends, but they were a powerfully effective team and seemed to understand each other completely. Life with them would be good, she knew. Not that she was signing up for a relationship just yet. But sex, yes. She was so ready for this brand-new experience.

Maelor wiggled and she knew he was as deep as he could get inside her. Full didn’t explain how she felt. Her tissues had stretched wide and expanded to such an extent she was surprised it hadn’t hurt. But her body had accommodated itself around the two cocks, enfolding them in her warmth and wetness, holding them snug and tight, yet accepting every inch of both men. Amazing.

The men wiggled a bit and then both pulled out of her until only the heads of their cocks remained in her cunt and ass. Hawthorne opened her mouth to complain, then shut it with a snap. Of course they had to pull out. They couldn’t pump into her when they were already in. But it felt weird, almost as if there was a sense of loss. One moment she’d been full, totally possessed by her men, and then they were gone. Fortunately it was only a few brief heartbeats before they began pressing back inside her again, stretching her once more, but filling, completing, and possessing her as well. Hawthorne rubbed her aching nipples on Dylan’s chest. Oh yes it felt so good. She was wrapped around with hot men, their hard bodies covering her completely, their cocks filling her, their skin plastered to hers.

Instinctively she sensed it could always be like this for her, if she wanted it to be. Her, and Dylan, and Maelor. But now was not the time for thinking. Right now she needed to be fucked. Tentatively Hawthorne twisted her hips, feeling Dylan’s cock twitch deep inside her. Then she pushed back onto Maelor’s cock, enjoying his little gasp as she did so. Dylan was still gripping her firmly, but as he pumped in and out of her in tandem with Maelor, Hawthorne was able to stroke her foot on someone’s leg, to pet the bodies surrounding her with one hand, and to luxuriate in the intense sense of possession. This was so good she might never appreciate vanilla sex ever again.

The men’s thrusts became deeper, more powerful, and Hawthorne could only hold onto Dylan’s shoulders and revel in the extreme sensations roaring through her body. Every part of her tingled with nervous energy from her toes right up to the top of her head. The orgasm building deep in her belly was growing fast, but still she held onto Dylan, tried to push back onto Maelor’s cock, and rejoiced in every stroke as the men pumped in and out of her.

Then the spell broke and Hawthorne’s climax exploded in her core, causing her to grip both cocks with all her strength as her body shook in release. More sensations raced up her spine, shaking her arms and legs, causing her toes and fingers to curl, and fireworks to sparkle behind her eyelids.

Her body was still riding the wave of the best orgasm she’d ever had, when both men began jackhammering into her cunt and ass again. Hawthorne was so satiated her body was completely limp, but feeling the heat and passion as the men came within her made her nerves tingle once again as Maelor pressed kisses to the back of her neck, and Dylan held her hands, twining his fingers through hers.

It seemed like a long time later that Hawthorne became aware of the scent of sex surrounding them, of sweat sliding all over her skin, and of the weight of Maelor pressing onto her back. Almost as if he’d read her mind, Maelor rolled them onto their sides. Both men still held her, but now she was being cuddled, rather than controlled. Hawthorne savored the sensation of being cherished, and opened her eyes so she could kiss both men. “Thank you. That was awesome.”

“What? No ‘Momma Mias’ this time?” teased Dylan.

“Hell no. My brain was on vacation long before we finished.”

“I hope that’s a good thing,” said Maelor.

“It was a very good thing. I’ve never come so hard in my life before.”

“Excellent. Now we have a standard to beat next time. But right now we need a shower,” said Dylan.

“I don’t know that I can walk.”

“Walking isn’t needed.” Maelor lifted her into his arms like a baby, and carried her into the bathroom while Dylan turned on the water and laid a pile of towels on the edge of the sink.

Likely Hawthorne could have washed herself properly, but the men took turns at soaping her, shampooing her hair, and then toweling her dry. Finally Dylan filled her ass with gel to prevent any soreness. Hawthorne wouldn’t have minded some residual ache to remind her of the amazing sex they’d just had together, but she was too replete and limp to do anything but agree with them both right now. Besides, it was amazing to be so thoroughly protected and cared for.

The men took her in the elevator down one floor to her apartment. As they stood in the hallway at her front door, Maelor turned her into his arms. Hawthorne raised her face, expecting a kiss. Instead Dylan said, “You know we want to get to know you much better.”

“You’re ours, Hawthorne. We want to demonstrate that to you in ways you can’t ignore.”

“Since getting an apartment outside the mall isn’t possible until the situation with Jackson Hamilton is sorted out, we want you to move in with us.”

Maelor held her hands. “We can stay in Dylan’s apartment or in mine. Whichever you prefer. But we want you to sleep with us every night. You can set the ground rules but we need you to be with us as much as possible.”

Hawthorne leaned back against the wall. “But what about your job, Maelor? You work insane, constantly changing shifts. And how can we fit all our things into one apartment? It’s not going to work.”

“It has to work so we’ll make it work. Maybe keep our possessions in one apartment and live in the other. We’ll figure it out as we go along. But say you’ll move in with us, please?”

Hawthorne was filled with doubts and questions. She liked them both. A lot. But move in with them? That was a whole different equation. “It’s all too soon. I need to think through the problem. We’ll talk about it later.”

Quickly she swiped her door open and slipped inside.

Wow. She hadn’t seen that coming at all. But was it a game changer or did she just need to think and plan?

“What I really need to do right now is sleep. Maybe I’ll talk to Willow tomorrow.”





Chapter Five




Maelor spent a lot of the night thinking, and knocked on Dylan’s apartment door at seven the next morning. He knew Dylan was usually in his office before eight when he officially started work, and when the mall opened, so he figured by seven his friend would be awake, if not dressed and breakfasted.

“Hi, Maelor. I guess you’ve been trying to plan a way forward with Hawthorne just like I have.”

“Yeah. You look tired.”

“Same goes.”

Maelor shrugged. He was often tired. It came from working shifts that changed constantly. Which brought him to the point of his thoughts. “The only solution I can see to spending time as a threesome, all together when we’re all awake that is, would be if I take myself off the roster and become an eight-to-five worker like you. Of course, since I’m in charge, I’d still be on call twenty-four-seven, but it’d mean mostly I’m free of an evening.”

“From my point of view as center manager I think it’s a good decision. You’ve been more than fair these past few years working all the shifts and partnering whoever comes up on the roster. But the fact is, you’re the head of security, and most department heads work eight to five and pick their teams. So it’s a reasonable step to take.”

“I plan to make Dakota my deputy and give her more responsibility, too. She’s far and away the best security guard I’ve got. She thinks fast and reacts fast. I can rely on her to make good decisions. I’ll go talk to Cadfael, today, but that’s where I’m coming from.”

Dylan walked over to his coffeepot, poured them each a mug of coffee, and handed one to him. Maelor sipped it carefully. It was hot and strong and just what he needed right now.

“It sounds as though you’re all organized. Thank you for telling me,” said Dylan.

Maelor leaned against the wall, taking another sip of coffee. “Well, I’m not quite organized.” He watched Dylan’s face as he spoke. “Have you thought anymore about where we can all live?”

Dylan sidestepped the question. “I don’t think Hawthorne is ready to commit to us as yet.”

“Yeah, I know. But have you come up with any thoughts on the situation? You don’t look like you slept any more than I did.”

“The thing is, our apartments were designed for a single person. The apartments for families and the kind of facilities a family needs are all in the family apartment block. Besides, the commute for Hawthorne would not be a good thing. And anyway there’s no vacant apartments there,” said Dylan.

“But there is a vacant apartment here, right next door to you.” Maelor hid a grin at the confused look on Dylan’s face. This idea had only come to him a couple of hours ago, but he’d thought it through and figured it just might work.

“Huh? Do you mean Rhion’s apartment? It’s not really vacant because all his stuff is still there. But it will be cleared out soon, I suppose.”

“And when it is, we can knock a hole in the wall between his bedroom and your living room. Then we turn his apartment into one large living room with a fully equipped kitchen and space for a table where we can invite friends to eat with us. And your apartment will become a private retreat and our bedroom. Maybe we could even embiggen the bathroom,” said Maelor.

“Embiggen?”

“Yeah. Push the wall back into the living area some and put in a bigger shower or something.”

Dylan smiled at him then punched his arm, almost making him spill his coffee. “I like the way you think. That could work.”

“So, are you okay if I talk to Cadfael about that as well today?”

“Absolutely. Then all we’ll have to do is convince Hawthorne to join with us.”

Maelor’s heart dropped again. “A bit of a hurdle, I admit. But we’ll think of a way to convince her.”

“It’s hard if we can’t take her places on a real date. That fucking Zumba class almost killed me but I foresee a lot of Zumba classes in our future if that’s the only time we can spend with our woman.”

“Hell, no. We’ll have to do better than that. Meanwhile we need to think about Jackson Hamilton. Maybe there’s some way we can get a lever on him. I wish I knew some psychiatrists or mental health professionals.” Maelor had spent the last half hour this morning going through his old military friends and the jobs they were doing now in his mind, without coming up with any leads.

“You made a lot more progress than I did, though. I didn’t think of anything useful. Maybe I can order dinner from one of the restaurants here though, and bring it to Hawthorne’s apartment and we can eat there tonight. Perhaps by then we’ll have thought of a few more ideas,” said Dylan.

Maelor put his empty cup down on the counter. “I need to get going. Your idea sounds good. Let me know what time to be there, and if Hawthorne doesn’t agree we’ll meet in my apartment instead. If we’re to talk freely we can’t do that in a restaurant anyway.”



* * * *



Dylan spent the first few hours of the day answering e-mails and letters, and sorting out the kind of disputes that could morph into battles if he didn’t stomp on them fast. By lunchtime though, he had a few minutes to catch his breath, and texted Hawthorne.

If I bring food, can Maelor and I eat at your apartment tonight please?

He had to smile at the typical Hawthorne-style answer.

What sort of food?

Anything on Sam’s Steakhouse menu, or The Dragon Palace menu.

The Dragon Palace will be good. How about six thirty?

It’s a deal.

He texted the details to Maelor, who replied, Get lots of prawn crackers.

Laughing, Dylan pulled up the next item on his to-do list, but thoughts about the mental well-being center kept running around in his mind. The problem was, everything could be completely innocent. Wealthy people, celebrities, and people in positions of power did tend to airbrush inconvenient family members out of the picture, and sending them somewhere to be cared for, but locked up safely, was an obvious step.

But how could he add any knowledge to the investigation? It wasn’t as if he was wealthy or had a mentally impaired or addicted relative he wanted cared for. Besides, if the institution wasn’t kosher he certainly wouldn’t want to be responsible for sending anyone into danger. Sighing, Dylan returned to his work, reminding himself to order their meal tonight in plenty of time. That made him smile. Would Hawthorne let them into her bed again, even though it was so soon? Could he and Maelor woo her into their arms? He would settle for kissing and cuddling her. Actually, even just talking to her brightened his day considerably. She was a hell of a woman. Their woman, his and Maelor’s. She just hadn’t quite realized it yet.



* * * *



Even though Dylan had phoned through his order to The Dragon Palace in good time, the line had been long and it was actually after six thirty as he hurried through the glass doors into the professional suites, and juggled the bags of food to get his swipe card out of his pocket to open the elevator door.

It was only after he’d called the elevator and gotten in that he realized Sophie, the receptionist, had left for the day but the doors to the professional suite hadn’t been locked. Sighing to himself he opened the elevator again and got out, grumbling mentally that sure as hell by the time he locked the double glass doors to the foyer area the elevator would be gone again. But it needed to be done. Someone must have forgotten to lock the professional suites entry, maybe assuming Sophie was still around. She often stayed after her shift officially ended at six.

He dumped the bags of food on her desk, and swiped his keycard over the mechanism that closed the doors, then tripped the switch so they’d only open on command of a swipe card. He gathered his bags of food up again and saw that Sophie’s desk drawer was wide open, and her purse was sitting in it. Shock ran through his veins and his heart beat faster. Sophie would never ever leave her drawer unlocked, far less open. He could only guess she’d been preparing to go home and someone had interrupted her. Someone who had left the outer doors open.

He pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and called Maelor.

“You’re late. What’s the holdup? Have they run out of prawn crackers?”

“I have the food but something appears really wrong. Sophie’s vanished.”

“I’m on my way. Call Cadfael.”

Dylan clicked off the call and punched in Cadfael’s number. “I’m sorry to interrupt, sir, but Sophie’s disappeared. Her purse is still here but she isn’t, and the outer doors were unlocked. I’ve told Maelor.”

“Rhion, get Hawthorne and stay with her and Willow. Willow, don’t let anyone into the apartment for any reason at all. I’m on my way down, Dylan.”

All the blood left Dylan’s body as he realized Cadfael was interpreting this as an attack on Willow and Hawthorne. Hell. And he’d called Maelor to come down here leaving Hawthorne unprotected. How could I be so stupid? If she gets hurt it’ll be all my fault.

Dylan wondered if he should go upstairs to guard Hawthorne, but Maelor might have told her not to open the door, the way Cadfael had instructed Willow. Dylan paced up and down, staring out the glass doors into the mall, opening the door to the stairwell and peering up the stairs, and then pacing some more.

The ding of the elevator arriving startled him so much he jumped and whirled around. It was Cadfael and Maelor.

“Hawthorne?”

“I left her with Willow. She didn’t want to go. She was complaining about not getting her prawn crackers.”

“Tell me exactly what’s going on,” said Cadfael.

Dylan pointed to Sophie’s desk, and Cadfael picked up her purse and riffled through it. “Her wallet is still here, but her swipe card isn’t unless she has it on her person. Actually, she usually leaves it in the top drawer of her desk during the day, doesn’t she?”

Maelor and Cadfael reached for the top drawer together, but there was no swipe card. Sophie’s territory was extremely neat and tidy so anything out of place would have been very obvious.

Maelor scrolled through his cell phone and began giving orders. “You know what her car looks like and where she usually parks it? Check to see if it’s still there. Walk through every level of the parking lot and make sure she’s not lying in some corner hurt. And do not tell anyone what you’re doing. Understand?”

Dylan waited with a sick feeling in his stomach as Maelor gave very similar instructions to two other teams of security guards, before saying, “Dylan, you and I’ll search the tower. Cadfael, can you stay here to be command headquarters until I get back?”

Dylan realized Maelor was giving orders to their Alpha, but security was Maelor’s area of responsibility, and the thought that Sophie might be lying hurt somewhere meant they needed to get moving fast.

“You don’t intend to call the police?” asked Cadfael.

“Not until we’ve done everything we can. It’s not like we can share with them our fears about anti-wolf sentiment and a missing receptionist isn’t going to interest them much.”

Cadfael nodded and sat down at Sophie’s desk.

“The stairwell is the most obvious first place to look. He could have pushed the door open and shoved her inside.”

Dylan had already looked up the stairs several times while waiting for Maelor to arrive but nevertheless he followed Maelor into the stairwell for a proper look. By the time they’d made their way up one flight of stairs though, some of the panic was leaving his body and he was starting to think more clearly.

“We know he didn’t get Willow or Hawthorne, and he wouldn’t have been able to get into any apartments with Sophie’s keycard. I think we should look for her on the fourth floor. If he got angry and knocked Sophie unconscious when he couldn’t get to Hawthorne, he wouldn’t go walking up endless flights of stairs or carry Sophie’s body around the mall. He’d have dumped her in the nearest empty room.”

“You’re right.” Maelor started to run back down the stairs, so Dylan followed him.

They burst out of the stairwell to see Cadfael carrying Sophie out of the First Aid room.

“Call the nurse,” Cadfael ordered.

Dylan was glad to stop running and make the call. “Ay-lee, Sophie’s hurt. Can you come help her?”

“Hurt how? No, don’t answer that. I’m on my way.”

As he’d expected Maelor was already kneeling on the floor talking softly to Sophie, who Cadfael had sat on a chair. He turned to the elevator, waiting for the arrival of Nurse Eilidh. Her name was Celtic, as many of their names were, thanks to the ethnicity of the original inhabitants of the area. But since it was difficult to pronounce, most people learned to say it phonetically, Ay-lee, just as he’d reverted to saying in a time of stress. She was a very competent, no-nonsense nurse. She’d know exactly what to do to help Sophie. The question was, where was the person who’d done this to her, and was it as they’d all assumed, Jackson Bailey after Hawthorne? Or was this a coincidental attack?

Dylan went and got Sophie a bottle of water from the refrigerator in the First Aid room, but then wondered if he should give it to her or not, so was still holding it when Eilidh appeared.

The nurse kneeled on the floor beside Sophie, and Maelor stepped to the side giving her space. In a businesslike manner Eilidh checked Sophie’s eyes and placed a gentle hand on her forehead, then ordered, “Tell me exactly what happened, Sophie.”

“It was maybe twenty after six. Dylan, you’d just left. I was packing up for the day when a man I didn’t know arrived and went straight to the elevator. Of course the door didn’t open for him and he turned to me and wanted to know why the door wouldn’t open.”

Sophie stopped talking and ran a hand over the back of her head. Eilidh touched her shoulders and bent for a closer look at the back of Sophie’s head, parting her hair to check her scalp.

“There’s no blood but you do have a lump. What did he hit you with?”

Silently Dylan handed over the bottle of water and Eilidh gave it to Sophie who took a sip.

“I don’t know. I didn’t see it coming. I asked the man his name and the name of the person he was supposed to meet and I picked up the telephone to call them and tell them he was here, but he yelled at me and demanded I make the elevator work. I said his friend would come and escort him, he just needed to tell me who to call. He came across to my desk, saw the swipe card, and snatched it, and when I reached for the card he must have hit me. It’s all a blur until I woke up in the First Aid room just now.”

“That means he could be anywhere in the tower Sophie has access to. So the conference room on level six, some of the offices, and she can open the elevator at many floors. We’re going to need more help to search. The three of us can’t monitor it all ourselves.” Maelor pulled his cell phone out again and began making calls.

The nurse took Sophie back into the First Aid room. Dylan thought Sophie looked pale, but she was a brave woman and sensible as well. Besides, she wasn’t even complaining, which said a lot about her strength of character. She must have been scared when Hamilton attacked her. Assuming it was Hamilton of course. They’d need to get her to identify him when she’d recovered a bit. Likely her head was aching badly right now and she’d need some rest and peace first.

As for himself he foresaw a hell of a lot of walking up and down stairs. They’d need to lock the elevator to prevent anyone escaping in it by snatching someone else’s keycard.

As if Maelor was reading his mind he said, “Cadfael, you stay here as command center. Keep the glass doors locked and the elevator locked. Put your own swipe card somewhere someone won’t find it easily. That means the only way anyone can get out of the tower is through the stairwell and they’ll have to walk all the way down to this floor to exit. You can watch that from Sophie’s desk as well as man the phones for us. I’ll get everyone to report in to you after they’ve checked their area.”

“What do you want me to do?” asked Dylan.

“I’ve told everyone to meet us in the stairwell of their floor. We’ll go up to the top floor and work our way down, locking the stairwell doors behind us as we go.”

Fuck. Stairs. This was so not how I planned to spend tonight. Dylan picked up the bags of now cold and greasy food from Sophie’s desk and dropped them in the trash.



* * * *



Hawthorne and Maelor had been laughing and joking over the menu from The Dragon Palace when Dylan had called Maelor, and Maelor had raced her up to the tenth floor and almost thrown her into Willow’s arms. She understood his need to hurry to find out what had happened to Sophie, but didn’t see why she couldn’t stay in her own apartment. But it seemed no one was listening. Cadfael was just as adamant that Rhion stay to protect her and Willow as Maelor had been that she be watched over.

“As if anything could happen to us here inside the professional suites,” Hawthorne complained to the shut door.

“Rhion, we’ll be fine here together. You should go and help them look for Sophie. She might be hurt,” added Willow.

“And Jackson Hamilton could be hiding in the stairwell waiting for me to go so he can attack both of you. I’m not going anywhere and neither are you,” said Rhion.

Hawthorne still didn’t think his presence was necessary, but since it was obvious the men weren’t going to change their minds she said, “Well let’s eat then. I don’t imagine Dylan will be bringing our meal any time soon. What can we make?”

Willow had been in the middle of preparing tacos, so they finished cooking, ate, and sat around talking and worrying about Sophie and about what could be happening. At one stage they heard people moving outside in the hallway but Rhion wouldn’t let the women anywhere near the door, and they thought it was their own people anyway. Cadfael texted them to say Sophie was safe, although she’d been bashed on the head. He also asked Willow to send a picture of Jackson Hamilton to Eilidh’s cell phone for Sophie to look at to see if he was the man who’d done it.

“Facebook. I didn’t unfriend Bailey deliberately so I could know what he was doing and likely there’ll be a photograph of him on Facebook,” said Hawthorne.

But there were no pictures of either Bailey or Jackson on their profile pages.

“How about the well-being center’s website? Are there any pictures of him there?” asked Willow.

But no, again there were a few pictures of the outside of the building, but nothing of the inside, and no picture of Jackson.

“You know, that’s weird. Some people are careful about promotional pictures. They’d never have a picture of themselves in a T-shirt and shorts, but they’re usually happy to have a professional photograph online. Something where they’re wearing nice clothes they look all pretty,” said Willow.

That reminded Hawthorne that they hadn’t gotten their hair color changed again although they’d meant to. Tomorrow. They must do that tomorrow.

“Didn’t you find the information you needed last time by searching through friends of friends or something like that?” asked Rhion.

“Yes. Here we go again,” groaned Hawthorne.

Hours later they had half a dozen not very clear pictures of him, and one good one. They sent the good one to Cadfael and to Eilidh, asking the nurse if Sophie was feeling okay.

Sophie herself rang back. “I’m fine. I mean, I won’t be brushing my hair tomorrow, but Tylenol is a wonderful thing. And that’s him. The rude man. It’s definitely him.”

“I’m sorry he traced us back here and hurt you, Sophie,” said Willow.

“I’m just glad he didn’t get what he wanted.”

After Eilidh had taken the phone from Sophie, Hawthorne, Willow, and Rhion sat and stared at each other.

“How did he track you down? Who did you give your address to?” asked Rhion.

“Not the neighbors. We just checked they had our cell phone numbers,” said Willow.

“I think only the realtor, in case he needed to send us more paperwork,” answered Hawthorne.

“And the realtor’s name is on the sign out front of the house, so that’s how Jackson would have gotten it. He’d have seen the sign and visited the realtor.”

“He probably posed as a potential buyer,” said Rhion.

“Whatever he did it worked because he got here. But your security thwarted him, although poor Sophie suffered because of it,” said Hawthorne.

“I wish we knew what was going on.” Willow jumped up and walked over to the window, looking out over the city. The view from up here was spectacular, but right now Hawthorne wasn’t interested in looking at the colorful lights far below her. She just wanted Jackson to be caught and her life to return to normal. Every time she thought things had settled down it turned out they hadn’t.

As it got later and later, Rhion suggested that Willow and Hawthorne go to bed, but Hawthorne was too restless to lie down. And she knew Willow felt the same. Even when Maelor texted them to say the professional suites had been checked and were secure, and that the mall was also secure, she still wouldn’t go to bed.

“What does he want? Why is he chasing after me? What is it that’s so important to him?”

“It has to be that you know something he doesn’t want other people to find out. Nothing else makes sense,” said Willow.

“But I don’t know anything about him at all. Bailey didn’t talk about him. Bailey didn’t speak of personal matters at all. And Jackson has to know that if I was going to tell anyone about the shape-shifting wolf I saw that I would have done it by now. He has to have guessed that either I didn’t tell anyone, or else they didn’t care about it. Or perhaps didn’t believe me.”

“That’s true. I can’t see a purpose behind his actions either. But he must have one or he wouldn’t be spending so much time and energy trying to find us,” said Willow.

Rhion spoke very gently. “One of you must know something he doesn’t want people to find out. That has to be the only reason he hasn’t forgotten about you both. Somewhere buried in your memories must be a clue. But I have no idea how you can work out what it is. It might be as simple as seeing him wear a red shirt when he’s told people he never wears red.” Rhion shrugged.

Willow sat at the table. “Come and sit down, Hawthorne. I want you to tell me every single detail you can remember from that party you went to with Bailey when you met Jackson.”

Hawthorne groaned. This was going to take all night. But it wasn’t as if she was going to sleep anyway. “Okay.”

Rhion collected three notepads and gave them each one with a pen. “Start at the beginning. When did Bailey pick you up?”



* * * *



Maelor was finally satisfied that Jackson Hamilton—and he was convinced the intruder had been Hamilton—was nowhere on the premises. He released all the off-duty guards and sent them home, at the same time as rousing the mall electrician out of bed to install a security camera over the entry to the professional suites.

“It’s four fucking o’clock. In the morning. Can’t it wait ’til a civilized hour?” complained Ieuan.

“Sure it can. As long as it’s operational, tested, and working properly before the mall doors open in the morning to let the staff in.”

“Fucking hell. You’re a slave driver, Maelor.”

But Maelor knew Ieuan would be arriving soon and the extra security would be in place before people started arriving. Apart from that, he couldn’t think of any extra precautions they could take. Because of its purpose, a mall had to be an open and welcoming place, encouraging visitors to come and shop. Security cameras everywhere would discourage people from meeting, talking, and staying around to buy food or other impulse purchases. That, in turn, would be bad for the mall and for all their stores and businesses.

Although likely since he’d discovered he couldn’t access the apartments, Jackson wouldn’t try to enter the professional suites again. He hated to have to say it, but Hawthorne was going to have to stay inside the suites and not go to the fitness center or anywhere else until they were sure it was safe for her to leave. She wasn’t going to like it, but her welfare was paramount.

Maelor stayed with Ieuan as the man worked, handing him the tools he needed and holding the ladder steady for him a couple of times, but mostly just being there because he refused to go home until everything was organized properly.

As he’d guessed Ieuan had it shipshape before seven, and Maelor stayed on, sitting at Sophie’s desk until the relief receptionist, Persia, arrived at eight.

“No matter who it is who wants to go upstairs, their host is to come down and collect them, understand?”

“Yes, sir.”

“Dakota is working an extra shift today. She’ll be moving around between the various security teams. If you have even the slightest feeling that something isn’t right, call her.”

“Yes, sir.”

“Thanks, Persia. I’ll be back after I’ve had a few hours’ sleep.”

But could he afford to sleep? He was as tired as hell, but perhaps there was something he still needed to do? Some area of safety he’d overlooked. Was Hamilton just waiting for him to be really tired so he could sneak in and steal Hawthorne away?





Chapter Six




When Maelor had arrived at Hawthorne’s apartment, they’d all fallen into bed together in total exhaustion and slept for hours. Dylan had brought Hawthorne back to the apartment when Maelor had told them the building was secure, but Hawthorne had still been mulling over what she might know that had caused Jackson Hamilton to pursue her. Dylan had tried to be helpful, but he had absolutely no ideas to give her, merely acting as her notetaker in writing ideas down as she thought of them. But it seemed hopeless to him. If she didn’t know what she knew, how could she figure it out? It was all impossibly circular and there was no guarantee she even did know anything. The trouble might have been brought about her having seen the wolf. Which was something else he wrote down. Perhaps they could ask Cadfael how that search was progressing as well.

Waking up tangled around Hawthorne’s body was the best thing ever. Maelor was sprawled on his back, one leg hanging off the edge of the bed. Dylan himself was on his side tucked against Hawthorne, and she was curled into a ball, her knees up near her chest and her chin resting on a hand. She looked cute, and sweet, and adorable. And erotic. Very erotic, even though she was wearing sleeping clothes. They weren’t exactly pajamas, but a tank top and boy shorts kind of outfit in pink. Which was an interesting color choice with her naturally red hair.

Damn, his cock was harder than a rock and her cute little ass only an inch away from his dick wasn’t helping his control at all. He wanted to touch her so bad he could scarcely keep his hands to himself. Finally, as lightly as possible, he stroked a hand over her leg, not wanting to wake her but not able to ignore her either.

She didn’t stir, so he leaned up on an elbow and feasted his gaze on her perfect form. Her skin was pale and lightly pink, flushed with her warmth from sleeping. Her hair was showing its true red color through the fading brown dye. She’d said the previous night she was going to get it colored brown again today, and he knew for her own safety that was a good idea, but he much preferred her as a natural redhead. All curled up as she was now, he couldn’t see her little red bush hiding her cunt, but he’d tasted her there and knew the red was her natural color.

Just thinking about her sweet flavor made his dick grow another inch at least. Damn he wanted her. She was perfection and everything he’d ever wanted all wrapped up in the prettiest little parcel. He didn’t even mind sharing her with Maelor. Their joining together had been casual and haphazard. They got on well together and liked a lot of the same things. It hadn’t really been a very well thought-out premise for planning their entire futures. But then he’d never really thought they would find a woman to share.

Dylan had never been able to work out how he was supposed to romance a human woman, and then, when proposing to her, tell her he was a wolf. It seemed quite wrong to mislead her, yet to tell her his secret would endanger all the people he loved most. Just look how crazy this Hamilton man had gone when someone saw a wolf. That proved conclusively that sharing the pack’s identity could be writing a death warrant for the entire community.

So not being able to be his true self around a woman had meant he’d never gotten really close to anyone. He’d never fallen in love before either. But he did love Hawthorne. He loved her with a deep and abiding passion that he knew time could not destroy. And fucking Hamilton wasn’t going to destroy it either.

He and Maelor had managed to work together to love, to care for, and to protect Hawthorne thus far, and he saw no reason why they couldn’t keep up their joint efforts forever. Maelor was a good man. A man he could respect as well as like. Together they would provide whatever Hawthorne wanted and needed. Right now he was kind of hoping she wanted to be fucked because it was sure as hell what he wanted and needed.

He watched Hawthorne for a long time, noticing every inch of her precious skin, plotting areas he would kiss as soon as he had the opportunity, memorizing the shape of her ears, the curve of her shoulder, the line of her legs. She was beautiful all over, and her personality was lovely as well. Sure she could be sharp-tongued at times. But that was because she had a sharp mind, always thinking and planning and devising new things. He liked that she did and said unexpected things sometimes, and that she was strong enough to stand up for what she wanted. Feistiness suited her and her attitude suited him as well.

Maelor grunted, went to roll over, and almost fell out of the bed. The bed was actually two twin beds pushed together, which should have been adequate for the three of them. But apparently it wasn’t. By the time Maelor had caught himself and pulled himself back onto the bed properly, he was wide awake and so was Hawthorne.

“Sorry,” Maelor said apologetically.

“Before we move in together you can be in charge of buying us a bigger bed,” said Dylan, smiling at his large friend, whose feet barely fit on the bed even now.

“Sounds like a plan.”

“Since we’re all awake…” Dylan leaned over and kissed Hawthorne’s shoulder, then her ear.

“I like the way you think.” Maelor tilted her head back when Dylan finished his kiss, and possessed her mouth. Dylan gently tugged the boy shorts off her legs, and hurried out to the bathroom where he’d stashed some of the condoms. He also saw a jar of lube in the drawer. Once again Maelor had been thinking on the same lines as himself. Wonderful.

He left his boxers in the bathroom and came back to find Hawthorne’s tank top lying on the floor, and Maelor’s head pressed to her breast. That left him her ass. Oh nice. He kneeled at the foot of the bed and coated two fingers thickly with the lube, before teasing around her rosette. Instantly she opened her legs wider. She wanted him. That was great. She really was the most perfect woman ever. It took a special woman to be prepared to be with two men, and Hawthorne was the ideal match for him and Maelor.

Dylan tried to be slow and gentle as he opened her ass and made her ready for him, but Hawthorne wasn’t paying attention to his timetable. She constantly pushed back on his fingers, driving them deeper inside her ass, and rotated her hips to encourage him to do more.

Maelor was sucking, licking, kissing, and nibbling on her breasts, which she obviously liked, too, but she was pushing them both to move faster all the time. Quicker than he’d ever imagined it would be, he was rolling a condom over his shaft and pressing the head of his cock at her back door. Her muscle ring was very tight, but she finally opened and let him. She was so hot inside. She gripped him so tight he hardly dared to breathe, and the heat was almost enough to blow his mind. He wiggled his way down inside her, until his balls pressed hard against her skin, while Maelor shuffled and inched his way into position as he pushed inside her cunt.

It took them a few moments to get the choreography correct, and then he kept time with Maelor as he pumped into her, and then withdrew, only to thrust deep inside that amazing hot, tight grip of hers all over again.

Dylan kept as much of his own weight as he could on his knees. It was bliss to rest his bare chest along her spine, which he did, but he had to be careful not to squash her. He also needed some space to pace his strokes so they were deep and hard, so he contented himself with petting her skin, nuzzling her neck, and pressing kisses everywhere he could reach.

Hawthorne was an energetic lover. She was constantly wiggling, fidgeting, and touching him and Maelor everywhere and anywhere. He needed to concentrate to fuck her in tandem with Maelor, to make this the very best possible sex he could. But her hands were everywhere, touching and teasing his skin and Maelor’s. She was driving him insane, setting flashes of need bursting from the strangest places on his body, while his cock kept up its measured pace of fucking her.

When Maelor grabbed her hands and pinned them above her head he almost laughed at her fierce protests, but it was a good move. Now he could concentrate better on making their love-making all about her. He wanted this orgasm to be the best one she’d ever had.

Dylan gripped her hips, driving his cock deep inside her, then letting it glide back out until only his head was in her delicious heat. Keeping in rhythm with Maelor, he did it again and again, gradually moving faster, until Maelor didn’t need to hold her hands any more, and she was panting and groaning between them evidently very close to coming.

Dylan caught Maelor’s gaze and they waited almost out of her for a full heartbeat, then drove in with everything they had to offer her. Hawthorne went to scream but Maelor covered her mouth with his, capturing her yell, and Dylan bit the edge of her ear, hoping to send her over the cliff into pleasure. Her ass gripped his cock even tighter as her body shook between them His own control was at an end. He filled his condom with surge after surge of release, before resting on her back, kissing along her neck and shoulders, and whispering from the depths of his being, “I love you, Hawthorne, I truly do.”



* * * *



Hawthorne patted Maelor after he rolled them all onto their sides. She wiggled, enjoying the feeling of two cocks still inside her despite the maneuver. “I’m sorry you almost fell out of bed, but that was quite a fun way to be woken up. It certainly puts a spark in my morning. If it is still morning that is.”

She twisted around trying to see out the window, to gauge the height of the sun, but Dylan had insisted the drapes were closed tightly, even though the chance of someone climbing up to the seventh floor to look in her window was right around zero.

“Whatever time it is, Maelor and I probably should go to work. Damn, I’m hungry though.”

“Did you two ever get to eat last night?” asked Hawthorne, guiltily thinking of the tacos she’d enjoyed even though she was worried about Sophie and Jackson Hamilton.

“Yeah when Andreas closed the fitness center he took pity on us and picked us all up a burger each from Sam’s. But I’d have preferred to spend the time with you,” said Dylan.

“Me, too. And it seems a hell of a long time ago, now. Maybe we can grab some breakfast as well as a shower before starting work. Although I think it’s pretty late.”

“I’ll cook. You two shower. I can do that after you’ve left.” Hawthorne crawled off the bed and put her sleep clothes back on before heading out into the living area of the apartment. It had a rather basic kitchen, but she had ham, and eggs, and bread for toast, so that would have to do for now.

The clock on the microwave was saying it was after three. Hawthorne blinked and thought it had to be wrong, but when she counted back the hours, likely it was right. It was properly after eight when they’d gone to bed. But wow. The day was almost gone and she had a mountain of things to do. Including changing her hair color. Although she wasn’t supposed to leave the professional suites anymore. But maybe Helena would dye her hair and Willow’s in the First Aid room as she’d done the last time.

Being stuck in the professional suites area was going to be a real nuisance. She hated the feeling of being confined and restricted. But poor Sophie had already suffered because she’d been seen. She couldn’t risk her friends getting hurt again.

Hawthorne flipped eggs and bacon in the pan, making the bacon into crispy strips and the eggs golden brown. When they were done she set them on the counter and fried some bread in the pan so it absorbed the bacon-and-egg flavor. She didn’t know if the men would like that, but she certainly did.

The coffee was bubbling when Maelor and Dylan arrived, their hair still wet from their showers, and dressed in yesterday’s clothing, but still looking as yummy as ever.

“Promise you won’t leave the professional suites, Hawthorne,” said Maelor holding her gaze.

“I promise. I couldn’t bear it if anyone else got hurt. It’s bad enough Sophie was injured because of me.”

“It wasn’t because of you. You didn’t bash her, Hamilton did. He’s the bad guy. You’re a victim the same as Sophie,” added Dylan.

“Well, you know what I mean. I won’t go anywhere I might be seen.”

“Thank you. I worry about you.” Maelor kissed her and so did Dylan. They rattled the door after they left, checking it was locked. Hawthorne shook her head. They were sweet. If only she knew what was driving Bailey’s brother. Maybe she could work out what the problem was. Likely it wasn’t even about her at all.

She tidied the counter, then had her shower, washing her hair and groaning at how much red was showing through the brown dye.

She sat on the bed and called her sister.

“Ah you’re awake. Do you want to do some more work today or not?” asked Willow.

“I don’t think I could concentrate on the werewolf family trees today. But I do need to get my hair colored again.”

“Yes, I do, too. I talked to Helena from the beauty parlor and she said she was happy to do what she did last time, come around to the First Aid room after her last client leaves today. I just need to check with Nurse Eilidh if that’s all right.”

“Why don’t I do that and I can ask about how Sophie is as well. Can you bring all the notes we made last night when you come here? Maybe reading through them again will help us make some connections to solve the riddle of what Bailey’s brother wants.”

“Okay. It’ll take me a few minutes. I’ll do our secret knock on the door when I arrive.”

Hawthorne laughed. She and her sister’s “secret” knock had to be about the most common secret knock in the world.

But by the time Willow arrived a few minutes later, accompanied by Cadfael, she was feeling happy again. Sophie was well, with no lingering headache, and Eilidh was happy for them to use her First Aid room again as their personal beauty parlor.

Hawthorne assumed Cadfael had just escorted Willow down from the tenth floor to the apartment on the seventh, to watch over her, but he said to her, “I’ve had a report back about the wolf you saw. Or, more precisely, a nonreport.”

“As in, no one knows anything about him?”

“Yes. No nearby pack has reported anyone missing or anyone with a taste for traveling to the park to go running. So either he’s from much farther away, or else he’s a lone wolf,” said Cadfael.

“Yeah, I see what you mean about a nonreport. I guess it’s good that he hasn’t been kidnapped from a pack nearby. But if he’s missing from a distant pack that could be much harder to trace.”

“I’ve asked about any missing wolves. We’ll just have to wait for more information. Willow, if you want to go anywhere, call me, please.” Cadfael kissed her sister then left.

They spread out all their notes from the previous night, shuffling around various pieces of information, hoping something would form a link, but without any success. Hawthorne was relieved when her cell phone rang. It was quite dispiriting to be getting nowhere when logic said there had to be a link that she just wasn’t seeing.

“Hawthorne? It’s Marbella. Dylan said you were sad you wouldn’t be able to come to Zumba until a few issues were sorted out again. Maelor pointed out that he wasn’t the least bit sad, personally, but since you were, and you’re important to them, they asked if I could do a private Zumba class for you. I think the sixth-floor conference room should be okay. If the men move that big table to one side of the room and we stack all the chairs on top of the table there’ll be plenty of space for half a dozen people, and that room has a good floor. Not an aerobic floor, you understand, but a good quality one we can dance on.”

“Marbella, that’d be awesome. I was really going to miss Zumba.”

“Those men do love you, Hawthorne. You should grab them fast. Maelor’s face was a treat. He hates Zumba, but for you, he’ll be involved. Nine tonight, okay? And please have the furniture moved already so we can get started promptly.”

“Thank you, Marbella, I’ll make sure we’re all ready.”

“That table is very big and it’s solid wood so it’ll be heavy. I think we’ll join you. She said half a dozen people, and I’ll enjoy a Zumba class,” said Willow.

“But will Rhion and Cadfael enjoy it?” teased Hawthorne.

“We’ll cook them a nice meal to eat first and soften them up a bit. But it can’t be too late. We need to be sure they’ve digested it a bit before the class starts. So let’s cook for seven, and then shift the furniture at say, eight thirty,” suggested Willow.

“Deal.”



* * * *



Maelor hated to admit it, but he actually enjoyed the private Zumba class with just Hawthorne, Willow, Cadfael, Rhion, Dylan, and himself. It was easier to follow Marbella’s instructions with fewer people between her and him, and he’d remembered some of the basic steps from the previous time so his actions flowed better. Which wasn’t to say he was planning on taking it up as a permanent sport, but maybe it wouldn’t kill him to go to classes until Hawthorne was free to attend the fitness center again.

Even rearranging the heavy conference table was easy with three other men to help lift it and Hawthorne’s eagle eye to say exactly where each chair needed to be put.

But best of all was when they were all back in Dylan’s apartment and he pulled her sweaty clothing off her and pushed her into the shower. He kicked his shoes off, but was still wearing his shorts and a wifebeater as her held her under the water, and watched it paint trails through her sweaty hair and down her back.

Dylan stopped to get undressed, and he also bought a couple of condoms with him, which he placed on the soap rack. Maelor really appreciated having Dylan as a partner. The man was quite different from him, but they understood each other so well, and worked as a team very smoothly.

Maelor gripped the insides of Hawthorne’s thighs, one in each hand, spreading her legs wide until Dylan pushed between her legs and began washing her most delicate skin. Then Maelor grabbed the bottle of shower gel and squeezed some on her breasts. Hawthorne smiled and rested her head back on his shoulder so he could massage the bubbly soap over her shoulders and breasts. He picked up her two round globes in his hands and teased her nipples.

“Nice,” she murmured.

“I’m glad you like it.”

“Oh, together you both make a mighty devastating team.”

Maelor pressed kisses to her soapy shoulder. That was exactly how he felt, too. But the key was her. Without Hawthorne they were nothing. She was what made them into a triad, a threesome, a family.

When she began pushing her hips into Dylan’s face they stopped and Maelor held her still while Dylan rolled a condom over his shaft. Maelor suddenly had an idea. He made a hand signal to Dylan who nodded, so Maelor picked her up and flipped Hawthorne upside down, holding her body so Dylan could slam into her cunt while she was upside down. She worked out very quickly to lock her legs over Dylan’s shoulders, and then Maelor moved hard against her so he could hold her head up against himself and she could breathe properly.

“Holy shit, whatever are you doing?” Hawthorne gasped.

“Penetration. Like this Dylan can get deeper inside you than ever before.”

Maelor supported Hawthorne’s body as Dylan rose on his toes then drove down into Hawthorne over and over again.

Hawthorne was whimpering and mumbling, her fingernails digging deep into Maelor’s arms as he supported part of her weight.

“Oh my fucking—shit!”

Maelor grinned as Hawthorne’s eyes closed and her breathing became heavy. Once he was certain both she and Dylan had come, he pulled her gently upright. She loosened her legs and slid down between them to stand, puffing hard, on the base of the shower. “Momma Mia,” she whispered.

“That good, huh?” teased Dylan.

They soaped and rinsed her again, and then Dylan lifted her out of the shower and wrapped her in a towel while Maelor took off the rest of his clothes and washed himself. When he stepped out of the shower, Hawthorne pushed him to sit on the side of the tub.

“I have some unfinished business to take care of.”

With that, she sucked his dick deep in her mouth, wiggling really close to his body but tipping her head right back.

This time it was him gripping her shoulders as she did it again, and then licked up and down his shaft while rolling his balls.

She teased the ridge where his cockhead joined the shaft. She nibbled the flesh on the side of his erection, and then just as his eyes were crossing with need, she swallowed him down again. Faster than he would have ever imagined his cock was pumping its seed into her mouth as his cum rose up from what seemed like his toes he came so hard.

She licked his head clean then kissed him, sharing his flavor with him. Damn, that was sexy. “Maybe Zumba isn’t so bad after all,” he said.



* * * *



The next day Hawthorne and Willow received text messages from the realtor saying he had a serious offer for their house and they needed to sign the papers.

Hawthorne jumped up and pumped the air with her fist. “Woo-hoo! That didn’t take too long.” But then her brain kicked into gear. Had someone really offered for the house, or was this another gambit by Jackson Hamilton to kidnap her and perhaps Willow as well? How could they know if this was a genuine offer? The buyer’s name would be on the paperwork, but Jackson could easily have asked one of his friends to pretend to buy the house for him. A name meant nothing really. Sometimes buyers didn’t even need to actually have the deposit. They just had to provide a paper from a lending institution or a bank saying they could get the money.

Hawthorne dropped back into her chair and thought. Could the paperwork be couriered to her and Willow? The cost would be worth it to ensure their safety. Someone would be required to witness their signature, but likely a whole range of people could be their witness. It wouldn’t really need to be the realtor himself. Or would it?

Dammit, this was more complicated than she’d originally thought. Hawthorne sat down with the laptop the mall had loaned her when she first arrived, and which she thought of as “hers” now, and started researching the rules about selling property. But it seemed the more she searched the more complicated it got. There were cases of people who’d gone on vacation for a few weeks and had returned home to find their house sold while they were away, by people who claimed the property was vacant. The true owners then had to fight damn hard to prove their rights to their own home full of their possessions, whereas other properties sat empty and unused for years because the owner had died and the true heirs were unable to be identified.

So what did this tell her?

“Do whatever the fuck you want and hope it works!”

Willow arrived once again with Cadfael. He stayed and listened while she laid out her thoughts.

“The house stealing thing, that’s so-called ‘sovereign citizens’ claiming ‘quiet title.’ I’ve heard of that. In your case you should be able to get the sale documents couriered to the mall. We’ll have an attorney witness your signatures just to be completely certain they’re legal. Make sure the courier is instructed to give the parcel to the addressee only, and after verifying photo ID. That should prevent them going astray.”

“Thank you.” Hawthorne appreciated Cadfael’s advice. He was quick to see both sides of a situation and his brain was very logical. Besides, he was basically family now. The equivalent of her brother-in-law.

She made coffee then sat at the table with Willow. “Do you think this is a genuine sale? Or do you think it’s Bailey’s brother just trying to kidnap us using a slightly different method?”

“I don’t know. I don’t understand his reasoning at all. Bailey I could understand. You were his date and he felt aggrieved at your comments. Some men are like that. They’re so egocentric. Everything is about them. Because he didn’t like what you said, he believed he had the right to take it out on you. That’s not fair or true, but it’s understandable. However, with Jackson, there’s just nothing. No reason, no logic, no basis for him to want to interfere in our lives.”

Hawthorne raced around the table to hug her sister. “I’m sorry, Willow. I’ve dragged you into this mess with me.”

“Don’t be silly, Hawthorne. If we hadn’t come here I’d never have met Rhion and Cadfael. But that doesn’t mean I agree with Jackson’s activities. I really, really hope this is a genuine sale. It’ll be good to be able to relax and make our home here permanently.”

“You’re right. I want that so much, too.”

“So when are you going to move in with them properly?”

“I don’t know. The men have mentioned joining Dylan’s apartment and Rhion’s apartment together into a single larger apartment. I have to say, we need a bigger bed. Maelor rolled over the other night and almost fell off.”

Hawthorne giggled and Willow laughed with her. It was good to be with her sister like this. Now that they didn’t live together, working together on a project was the perfect way they could remain in close contact with each other. She would have hated it if they only saw each other occasionally. They were still very close friends and being able to work together meant they were doing something useful, as well as having fun.

“Let’s get back to working on the werewolf family history data. It seems likes forever since we made progress on that and we’re getting nowhere with Jackson anyway,” she suggested.

“That’s a good idea. We need to give our brains time to work on it themselves while we concentrate on something fresh.”

Hawthorne knew the problem wasn’t going away. She understood that Jackson Hamilton had an agenda even if she couldn’t work out what it was. But for now, she and Willow were going to forget about their own troubles and do something that they could make progress in. Finding out whether or not werewolves had always needed human input to give birth to an equal percentage of female children.





Chapter Seven




Maelor had reorganized all the security guard duty rosters. He now had an extra guard on duty during the hours the mall was open, eight ’til six. This person was stationed on the fourth level, watching both inside the mall, the fourth-floor parking lot, and the foyer of the professional suites. It was this guard Sophia or Persia was to call if anyone unknown to them entered the professional suites.

“Even if they’re in UPS uniform. If it’s not someone personally known to you, always call the level four guard. Who knows if they might have some high-tech gadget that can override the elevator buttons or who-knows-what,” he said.

The rest of the guards still worked under the old shift system—midnight until eight, eight to four, and four to midnight. It meant the level four guard had to work an extra two hours, but they did a lot less walking than on a regular shift, so he hoped it worked out all right. Anyway, he was mostly doing that job himself, although Dakota would take some turns on it, too. He wanted someone up there he could trust, and Dakota was his best staff member even though she wasn’t a werewolf shape-shifter.

Cadfael had agreed he, Dylan, and Hawthorne could turn Dylan’s and Rhion’s apartments into a single apartment, and they were busy working out what they wanted to make of it. They were all happy with the plan to make the kitchen bigger so they could fully cater for themselves if they wanted to. And he was determined to find a way to make the bathroom bigger as well. At the moment, when all three of them were in there, they could hardly move.

One possibility was to remove the toilet and the tub in Dylan’s apartment and replace them with a much bigger shower. There would still be a sink, tub with a shower, and a toilet in Rhion’s former apartment, so it wasn’t as if they’d be missing out, but it would provide them with more space. But on the other hand maybe two toilets would be a good thing.

Hawthorne had also mentioned purchasing their own washer and drier. She said it would make life a lot easier and they did seem to create a lot of laundry between them.

It was all just more things he should be thinking about. He wanted very much to plan and get his new life organized, but that wasn’t really possible while Jackson Hamilton was running around loose and trying to capture his woman.

Maelor found himself sincerely wishing the man would come near him so he could bash him over the head like he’d done to Sophie, and then lock him in jail and throw away the key. It was just a damn fucking shame life wasn’t that simple.

When he got back to Willow’s apartment that night he found Dylan sitting silently in front of the television and Hawthorne pacing around the living area.

Panic burst through him. “What’s wrong?” he asked, fighting to keep his voice level and quiet.

“Nothing’s wrong. I just wanted to wait until you were here before I asked.”

“Asked what?”

“Yeah that’s what I’ve been saying for the last half hour,” said Dylan, turning the television off.

“I want to spend time with you in your wolf forms. I thought maybe we could go up onto the roof and run around there. I know you used to run up and down the stairwell but that doesn’t seem a whole lot of fun to me. But surely we’d be safe on the roof. There’s no other buildings as tall as this one so no one can watch us up there.”

“Yes, we can do that. I don’t see a problem with that at all. It’s fair that you see us as wolves and get to know us in our other form,” said Maelor. He looked at Dylan hoping the other man agreed.

“It’d been a while since I last changed. I’ll enjoy a bit of a run.”

“When do you usually change, Dylan? I know Maelor used to run up and down the stairs as a wolf most nights.”

“I never changed in any set pattern. Just when I felt like it. Sometimes on weekends I’d drive right out into the countryside and go for a long run, but it wasn’t on any kind of regular basis. Actually, it’ll be good to visit the roof again. Cadfael’s said a few times we ought to do something about it. Make proper use of all that space.”

“Willow suggested a roof garden, so people could sit there to relax and enjoy the view. Maybe eat their lunch there on nice days, but Cadfael thought reprogramming the elevator might be too complicated,” said Hawthorne.

“Well let’s go and look. We can think of ideas while we’re up there.” What Maelor didn’t say was that thinking about a roof garden would make a pleasant change from all the other things that had been occupying his mind lately.

First they had to stop off at each man’s apartment so they could change into gym clothes so they didn’t have so many items to remove and put back on when they transformed, then they caught the elevator to the roof. Even a simple thing like changing clothes is so complicated at the moment. We really need to work out how to live together as soon as possible.

Maelor thought it shouldn’t be too difficult to make the roof a destination that anyone with a professional suites swipe card could access. After all, every card made the lift go down to the fourth floor so there had to be some kind of code to do that.

Up on the roof he stood back and let Hawthorne choose where they went. It wasn’t a particularly pretty place, although the view in every direction was truly amazing. “You’re right in that everyone should be able to see the view. It’s very special.”

The rooftop area was quite large. Larger than he’d expected, but of course it covered an entire floor, taking up the space of all the offices, apartments, and hallways that would have been on each level.

“We could make the roof garden near the elevator, so people didn’t have to walk too far. Maybe from the elevator to the two closest sides,” she said, waving her arms at the nearest corner of the roof. Maelor watched her, loving Hawthorne’s enthusiasm and zest for life and the way she so often used her hands and arms to emphasize her speech. Here she was thinking about everyone’s pleasure instead of focusing on her own needs and desires. She was truly lovely in personality as well as in physical form.

“What about all the rest of the area? This is a surprisingly large space,” said Dylan.

“Maybe we could make it something wolves would enjoy as well as humans. Like a bushwalk sort of track that wolves could run in or humans could walk. A dirt track between trees and grass.”

“That might be too hard to grow. To grow grass on concrete might not be easy,” said Maelor. “But a sand or dirt track would be doable. And trees in pots would be no trouble at all. Maybe things to jump over as well.”

“Oh, yes. Most wolves love to run and jump.” Dylan was smiling and nodding.

Hawthorne went across to the railing and leaned her back against it. “Okay. Time for you to change and let me watch you be wolves. I want to see you being natural, doing whatever you’d do if I wasn’t here.”

Maelor thought that likely he should have guessed Hawthorne would need to see them like this. A human joining with a couple of wolves was a huge step to take, and to do it without seeing them in their wolf form for more than a few moments wasn’t at all sensible. Trust his clever little human to have worked out the gap in her knowledge of them and found a way to fix the problem. He was determined to give her a true representation of himself as a wolf.

Maelor stripped off his T-shirt and sweat pants, and kicked off his athletic shoes, then stretched until his spine popped and his arms were fully extended, the pressure on his shoulders tight. Then he moved away from Hawthorne and looked at her. She was watching him so he thought “wolf” and changed. He was a black wolf, which, with his coloring, wasn’t surprising. She might be a bit surprised at Dylan though. He waited for Dylan to join him.

Dylan didn’t stop to turn toward Hawthorne. While he was still walking to the far side of the roof he transformed and kept walking. He was a gray wolf, not brown like his hair, and shorter and more muscular than one might have expected from his human form. Once he realized Dylan wasn’t going to stop and turn toward Hawthorne, Maelor ran after him and herded him around. Together they chased all over the roof, Maelor not running his fastest and letting Dylan lead for a while, before he put on a spurt of speed and shepherded the smaller wolf back toward Hawthorne.

She was sitting on the concrete now, watching them play, her face split wide with a smile. That was good. He was glad she wasn’t at all frightened.

They both came to her and let her pet their fur, and scratch behind their ears. He lifted his chin up into her touch and reveled in her gentle hands and smooth petting strokes.

When she stood up, he changed back into his human form, as did Dylan.

“Thank you. It was wonderful to see you both as wolves.”

“You weren’t frightened?” asked Dylan.

“Oh no. I was never in any doubt as to who you were. And I could tell Maelor was letting you outrun him there for a while.”

“You’re a damn perceptive woman, Hawthorne,” said Dylan.

That was just what he was thinking. But what the fuck did Hamilton want with her? What had she noticed or perceived or understood that he didn’t want her to know?



* * * *



Hawthorne was ready to go to bed with these men again. She’d reached the stage where sleeping with them almost every night was very important to her. The constant moving from apartment to apartment was a nuisance, and she found herself agreeing with their plans to renovate Rhion’s and Dylan’s apartments even when she was still pretending she hadn’t decided to commit to being with them.

It wasn’t just that her sister was very happily mated to Cadfael and Rhion and likely to stay here. It also wasn’t that she found herself completely drawn into the genetic study of the werewolves. Even if neither of those two factors had existed she’d still be agreeing to mate with Maelor and Dylan and move into an apartment with them. They were two very different people and that was important to her. She liked that they thought and spoke independently of each other. But she also liked that so often their decisions were identical. Variety was great. Endless arguments might not have been so positive.

Her body craved their touch. Maelor’s bigger, rougher, more possessive hands that nevertheless held her safe and told her far more clearly than any words ever could say that he’d protect and care for her, even if she was perfectly capable of looking after herself.

Dylan’s gentle care and thoughtful provision for her. He was the one who ran down to the stores after work, returning with things for them to cook and eat, or flowers, scented candles, the latest movie to watch, or other fun things to do.

She was protected, cared for, treasured, and valued. Her life felt worthwhile, and she wanted to show these men how much they meant to her. Mating them was absolutely in her future, and meanwhile spending the nights wrapped in their arms was bliss. Even if they really did need a bigger bed to share.

Maelor led them back to his room, and when they were all in his bedroom he opened the nightstand and pulled out a pair of fluffy pink handcuffs. Hawthorne’s knees went weak and her cunt dripped cream when he said, “Dylan, tonight it’s time to demonstrate to our woman that we can take care of her needs even when she does nothing.”

“I like that idea. In particular, I like having her unable to derail our plans. Have you got a gag as well?”

“A gag? Hey, that’s not fair. You both get to talk.”

A football scarf was wrapped around her face and tied at the back of her head, before Hawthorne could even mention that red really wasn’t her color. She wasn’t overly fond of that team either. Her sweater was pulled off and her jeans tugged down, her wrists cuffed and the handcuffs tied to the bedpost with another football scarf. How many football scarves did Maelor have? He’d never even mentioned football to her. Was he a fan or did he just have a lot of woolen scarves?

If her mouth hadn’t been full of woolen fabric she’d have giggled when the men struggled to take her bra off with her hands locked together. In the end they left her bra dangling around her wrists. Not a perfect solution, but a workable one, she acknowledged.

The two men moved much more smoothly to pull her panties off. Dylan raised them to his nose and breathed in deeply. She saw his chest swell as he filled his lungs with her feminine musk. She’d been creaming with desire for them both, and knew her aroma would be strong, but fortunately he seemed to like it. From the way his cock leaped and grew, he more than liked her scent. When he followed that up by sucking the crotch of her underwear into his mouth, she almost came on the spot. Momma Mia, that was so damn carnal. She’d never ever imagined a man would do that with her panties.

She hadn’t noticed when they’d taken their own clothes off, but with them both wearing only sweat pants and T-shirts, it evidently hadn’t taken them long, and they were both naked now.

She wished she could lick her lips and suck their cocks. They looked so delicious standing there, their cocks as stiff and straight as soldiers on parade. Or flagpoles. Oh yes, she wouldn’t mind saluting them with her mouth and tongue right now. Except her mouth was full of football scarf instead of cock.

Hawthorne wiggled on the bed. She was ready for some action but Dylan and Maelor seemed more interested in watching her. She was certain they had to know how very aroused she was. Being wolves, no doubt they could smell the cream on her inner thighs and her pussy lips. But she wasn’t sure how else to tell them to get a move on. She was ready for the main event. For fuck’s sake, what were they waiting for?

Maelor sat on one corner of the end of the bed and Dylan on the other. Maelor picked up her foot and said, “Are you ticklish, Hawthorne? If I do this, what will you do?”

He tickled the arch and she tried to pull her foot out of his hand, but although he held it lightly, he didn’t let go.

“Well, well, well, so you are ticklish. I think we might have some fun in that case.”

He stroked the sole of her foot and then the sides, petting every inch carefully, before moving up to the toes. She’d relaxed and was enjoying his touch when he tickled her again, this time extending his teasing up the back of her leg to the underside of her knee.

Maelor bent and began kissing her knee as Dylan tickled her other foot. Before long she was wiggling madly, trying to pull her legs away from two fiends determined to tease her to death.

Behind her gag she giggled and laughed, trying to drag more air into her lungs and only getting a mouthful of wooly fluff. And still they tickled her feet and legs. She had to admit it was sexy though. Her pussy was wet with desire, and when Dylan sucked a toe and treated it as if it were nipple, the heady eroticism almost caused her to come right then and there.

Finally Dylan pulled the gag off her mouth. She coughed and breathed heavily, but before she could say anything he rested his cock against her lips. Hell yes, she was ready to suck him. She loved his rich, spicy flavor. But she loved Maelor’s taste just as much. Again, they were very different and that just made oral sex even better in her mind.

She licked all around Dylan’s cockhead before taking him into her mouth and sucking him deep. But before she had a real chance to relax and enjoy his cock, she was startled out of her reverie by both men sucking her toes. Her legs were bent in crazy directions right now and Maelor had one hand stroking her pussy lips as well. Flat on her back like this, her arms still locked into the fluffy pink handcuffs, she couldn’t lift her upper body enough to see exactly what was happening, but her toes, feet, legs, and cunt were all highly aroused by the men’s touch.

Hawthorne decided to concentrate on her own task, bringing Dylan to a screaming orgasm. It would have been easier if she could hold his balls, but her mouth was working fine. She bent her head and licked down the side of his shaft until she reached his balls and sucked first one, then the other one, into her mouth. Careful not to bite him, she used her lips to roll his testicles, loving their slightly different taste from the rest of him.

Pushing her tongue flat, she then licked a long line up his erection to his head, and gently scraped her teeth over the mushroom crown, aiming to tease and tantalize but not hurt.

Only then did she take the head into her mouth, hollow her cheeks, and suck hard. She was rewarded with a burst of his essence. It’s good to know I haven’t lost my skill.

But before she could do anything more, Maelor licked along her pussy lips and sucked her clit, giving a sharp little bite to it after he’d sucked hard. Damn. He hasn’t lost his touch either.

This was going to be a race to see who could bring their target to orgasm before succumbing themselves. Hawthorne concentrated on pleasing Dylan, licking, sucking, nibbling, teasing, and using every skill she had. His cock was enormous, the head red and his pre-cum bursting into her mouth all the time, now, but he also had very good control and she didn’t have her hands to help her make him lose it.

Besides, Maelor was devilishly clever in the way he fucked her with his tongue, nibbled along her labia, sucked her clit, and painted wet patches on her body then puffed hot air on them to drive her arousal ever higher.

Dylan moved closer to her, and she dropped her head a little lower, now able to take more of him into her mouth. She concentrated on swallowing as much of him as she could manage, then biting lightly at the loose skin on the side of his erection, only to repeat the process again. After a few times, she focused on the sensitive ridge where his head and shaft joined. She tickled along it with the tip of her tongue, then pushed her tongue into the slit of his cock to catch all his pre-cum.

Her own orgasm was building higher and it was very hard to keep her mind on Dylan. Everything Maelor did, every place he touched, was alight with nervous tension and the blazing need for her to come. When he sucked her clit hard and twisted three fingers deep in her cunt, scraping over her G-spot, Hawthorne gasped, only prevented from screaming because she knew the neighbors would hear. That and the hot cock completely filling her mouth.

The orgasm she’d been holding at bay exploded through her body, and within seconds her mouth filled with the hot cum spurting from Dylan’s cock. With delight she saw Maelor lean over her, his hand pumping his own cock as he spurted his essence onto her belly.

Hawthorne swallowed, then sucked and licked Dylan, making sure she’d taken all of him, even while still trying to draw deeper breaths from the orgasm shaking her body. Talk about multitasking. Having two men make love to her at once was enough to fry her brain any day of the week.

Both men undid the handcuffs then sat her up and rubbed her shoulders and back, making sure her muscles weren’t stiff. They led her into the shower and soaped her gently, always keeping her under the hot spray. They were so generous and considerate like that. Even though there were two of them and both were considerably bigger than her, they never took the larger share of the water, but always cared for her first.

She stepped out of the shower, giving them more space, and toweled herself dry. “What food have you got, Maelor? I’ll go make us something to eat.”

“That explains why I’m so hungry. We never did eat, did we?” said Dylan.

Hawthorne laughed, and then went out into the bedroom to get dressed.



* * * *



Dylan was stacking the used dishes in the sink, trying not to laugh at Maelor’s expression as Hawthorne lectured him on the shopping he needed to do before they ate at his apartment again.

“The cream in your refrigerator was best before two days ago. Haven’t you heard of long-life dairy products? I don’t like my coffee black,” she said.

“Yes, ma’am. No, ma’am,” chanted Maelor.

This time Dylan really did laugh, as did Hawthorne and Maelor, before Maelor jumped up and reached into his jeans pocket, pulling out his cell phone.

“Hi, Harry. Yes. Yes. Hell, yes. Okay. What did Cadfael say? And Mr. Vukic? Okay. I’ll come down to the level four parking lot entry door to let you in. Twenty minutes? No worries, see you then.”

Dylan wasn’t laughing anymore and he was hoping this was going to be good news not bad. Harry Harrison was the private investigator looking into the well-being center and Jackson Hamilton.

“Harry’s learned a few things about the well-being center and wants to talk to us. Cadfael suggested we all meet in the level six conference room. I’ve got to go open the door for Harry in a few minutes.”

Dylan looked down at his sweat pants and shook his head. “You said twenty minutes, didn’t you? Give me five to go back to my apartment and put on some proper clothes, please.”

“No more than ten minutes, okay?”

“Five is all I need. I’ll just grab stuff and get changed back here if I have to.”

Maelor nodded and Dylan raced out of the apartment, not even stopping to wipe his hands. He snatched up jeans and a button-down shirt, socks, and shoes from his apartment, and ran back down the hallway to Maelor’s room. Of course, his room was at the very end of the building. Mostly that was a good thing. When he was in a hurry, as now though, it wasn’t so much. Still, he really didn’t think he’d taken more than five minutes.

Dylan knocked on the door and Maelor opened it immediately, leaving as Dylan arrived. “I’ll see you and Hawthorne in the sixth-floor conference room in ten minutes.”

Dylan nodded. Hawthorne was tidying the kitchen still as he went into the bedroom and got changed. He dropped his sweats into the laundry hamper and then added the bed linens. There should be time to put clean sheets on the bed so they could sleep in comfort when they got back from this meeting.

Hawthorne stood in the doorway as he remade the bed. “What do you think this is all about?” she asked.

“Well, we know it’s to do with the investigation into Jackson Hamilton. But apart from that, either Maelor doesn’t know or else he wasn’t giving away any clues. Unless he said something to you?”

“No. I’ve met chattier clams.”

“Huh? Oh, silent as a clam. Is that a saying? No, hang on, it’s ‘clam up,’ isn’t it?”

“Whatever, he wasn’t talking.”

“We’ll know in a minute anyway. Let’s go.”

Dylan held her hand as they waited for the elevator and went down two levels. As they walked into the conference room he noticed the furniture had been pushed back against the sidewall, much as it had been for the Zumba class. For a moment he had a horrible feeling Marbella would arrive and start yelling at him to exercise, but then he got his head back together and took Hawthorne to sit on one of the chairs that had been placed at one end of the room. He stood behind her chair as her sister Willow arrived with Rhion. Willow sat beside Hawthorne, and Rhion copied him, standing behind Willow’s chair with his hands on her shoulders.

Dakota arrived next, in her security guard uniform, and remained standing, and finally Maelor and Cadfael came into the room with a huge man. Maelor was a big man, bigger than Cadfael, who was six foot, but Harry weighed more and was a good three or four inches taller than either of them. And Dylan was certain every ounce on the bear shape-shifter would be solid muscle. He was an imposing figure indeed.

Harry pulled the door almost, but not quite, shut behind him. Dylan sensed that his action was intentional, but couldn’t think why he’d do it.

“Thanks for letting me interrupt your evening. This is Harry Harrison, the private investigator who was instrumental in sending Bailey Hamilton to jail and who’s been looking into Jackson Hamilton’s well-being center for us.” Cadfael stepped to the side, leaving everyone’s gaze fixed on Harry Harrison.

Dylan wanted to touch Hawthorne, to reassure her he was here and would protect her, but that was stupid. Harry was on their team. That was a damn good thing. A man that huge, and a bear shape-shifter as well, wouldn’t be anyone a sane person would argue with.

“My people have been keeping the well-being center under surveillance for a while and we have a few other investigations going on as well, off-site. As you all know I work mostly within the shape-shifter community, and someone else asked us to check out a situation related to your request. All my work is confidential. The success of my business relies totally on the fact my clients can trust my associates and myself.”

Harry’s gaze swept the room and Dylan stroked Hawthorne’s shoulders to reassure her he was here. Damn, the man looked fierce. Surely he didn’t think anyone had stolen his secrets? Dylan had no information at all about the investigation and he lived—well, more or less anyway—with Maelor. Surely only Cadfael and Maelor would have been told any news? Unless Hawthorne…No, she wouldn’t have mentioned anything secret to anyone either. She was as eager as any of them to have Hamilton leave her alone to get on with her life.

Harry cleared his throat and Dylan inched closer to Hawthorne, leaving both his hands on her shoulders. She was a little bit tense under his touch, but she wasn’t giving off an odor of fear. He thought it was more that she was keen to hear whatever Harry would reveal, rather than that she was concerned about what he’d said. Good. Dylan loved her so much. He hated the thought of her being worried. Well, more worried than she already was by her disrupted life.

Harry clapped his hands together sharply. What the fuck was that for? Then Dylan noticed the door open a little wider and a fraction more. But no person was coming into the conference room and there was no breeze to make it move by himself. His brain had just connected the dots that the door had opened in response to Harry’s clap, but before he could fry his synapses trying to work out if someone had invented a gadget that could open doors in response to a specific sound, he saw the reason.

A brown wolf had stepped into the conference room and was standing just inside the door. An unknown brown wolf. He could recognize every member of their pack from one hundred paces, and this wasn’t a pack member. He was a stranger. And what’s more, he was frightened of them. He was here because Harry had told him to come, not because he’d chosen to join them of his own free will. But who the fuck was he?

He felt the tension radiating off Hawthorne, who was now leaning forward, staring at the wolf. Dylan stroked her back soothingly. He wasn’t sure why she was disturbed but she needed to know he’d never let anyone harm her. He’d give his life for hers if it ever became necessary.

Then the wolf did a very strange thing. It was almost as if he was trying to dance. He ran forward a few paces, then to the side, as he leaped into the air, all four feet off the ground at once. Not as if he was jumping over a fence, but more like he was pretending to be a helicopter, lifting off straight upward.

As soon as he did his strange leap, Hawthorne jerked out of her chair and stood up. “You’re my wolf. I saw you in the park. You jumped exactly like that. Who are you and why were you in the park? Why are you here now?”

The wolf stopped instantly, racing to stand huddled against Harry’s legs.

Willow turned to Hawthorne. “How do you know? Are you sure?”

All around the room people began talking at once. Dylan’s mind was still struggling to grasp what Hawthorne had said. From the outbursts all around him it sounded like twenty people were all talking at the tops of their voices even though he knew there were only nine of them in the room. He was too stunned to even open his mouth. All he could do was offer Hawthorne whatever support she needed.

“Sit down. You’re frightening him.” Harry’s voice cut through the room. Dylan thought if the wolf was frightened, Harry yelling at them wasn’t going to make him feel any better.

Harry took the wolf out of the room, which caused people to start talking again, but Dylan guessed the wolf was going to transform and put some clothes on, not disappear. He was right. Only a few minutes later Harry reappeared with quite a young man, wearing jeans and a blue sweater. The man had light brown hair, which meant his wolf fur color followed his hair color, as happened with many wolves, though not in his own case.

The noise in the room instantly stopped.

Dylan noticed the wolf still stood very close to Harry. It seemed as though he trusted Harry, but apparently not the rest of them.

“Okay, people. This is Lewis. Lewis, tell them your story. How did you come to be here in Ohio, and here with me today?”

“I, um…” Lewis looked up at Harry who nodded calmly to him. Dylan had to force himself not to lean forward. Hawthorne had sat down again in her chair, so he held her upper arms very lightly.

Lewis started again. “I come from a pack, a very small pack, in Wyoming. I was born and grew up in the Wind River Mountains. If you know Wyoming you’ll know there’s a whole lot of mountains there and not so many people. There are even fewer shape-shifters. There was only one other child when I was a boy, although he was five years older than me so we weren’t special friends or anything. We were homeschooled together until he argued with his dad and left when I was twelve. He wanted to look for another shape-shifter community, to meet other people. Unless we journeyed a couple of hours into town to the store we would go whole weeks without ever seeing another person. I realized later he’d wanted to find a mate. Or at least a girlfriend.”

No wonder the wolf was nervous. He evidently wasn’t used to crowds, even such a small crowd as this. Dylan had always had pack mates to play with as a child and adolescent. Now they were friends he worked with. It was hard to imagine not ever having someone the same age as himself to talk to. Five years was a big age gap to a child. It didn’t matter much once a person was grown, but the difference in a person’s interests between twelve and seventeen was huge.

He stroked his hands gently up and down Hawthorne’s arms and waited for Lewis to begin talking again.

“My parents are almost sixty. My dad wanted to stop having to work so hard on the farm but I didn’t want to take it over. I love the mountains but not enough to live there alone all the rest of my life. The only people left there are like my folks, getting old. Mom and Dad bought a small house down the mountain in town. He’s got a part-time job with the National Park Service. I could have worked for them, too, but decided to look for another pack of shape-shifters. Maybe find my own mate. So I came east.”

“Wyoming isn’t exactly next door to Ohio,” said Willow.

“No, ma’am, but the Greyhound Bus goes most everywhere.”

In that answer, Dylan saw a spark of the spirit the man must have had back in the safety and comfort of his mountains.

Lewis stood a little straighter, his voice a little more confident now. Dylan realized he wasn’t a small man, but was maybe five eleven in height and quite muscular looking. Likely working on a farm had built his muscles the hard way.

“I came east in stages, working a bit here and there as I traveled. I avoided the biggest cities. I don’t think I like cities, although I’m getting more used to people and noise. What I was hoping to find was other shape-shifters but I hadn’t really thought the situation through properly. How could I find a wolf when I could never be a wolf myself in human society? Anyway, I must have given myself away. A man recognized the wolf in me and invited me to his home. But it wasn’t a house. It was a jail. I was locked in a tiny room all day and all night. The only time I saw anyone was when he came to ask me endless questions. Where had I come from? Where was my family? Where were the women from my pack? I asked and asked to go home and it was only when I told him I would die if I couldn’t transform and run as a wolf that he even let me outside. At first two men led me on a chain all the time but after a few weeks they just walked beside me as I ran. And one day I figured out how to escape. I got away from them and scaled the wall as a human before changing back into my wolf to run away.”

The conference room was filled with noise as people asked questions and commented about what Lewis had said. But Dylan was silent. He held onto Hawthorne, feeling shattered by the way Lewis had been betrayed, by his loneliness and hopelessness, and by the internal strength that had enabled him to plan and engineer his own survival and escape. If Lewis wanted to join their pack, Dylan would be proud to welcome him as a member. He deserved to find peace and happiness again.

Harry held up his hand for silence and then Hawthorne spoke. “That’s when I saw you, isn’t it? You’d escaped from Jackson and were celebrating. That’s why he was chasing me, to try to get you back again.”

“Yes, ma’am. I’m sorry, ma’am. I had no idea you were watching me or that anything bad would happen to you. I’m deeply sorry for what happened to you.”

“It wasn’t your fault. I’m glad you’re free.”

Lewis bobbed his head and gave her a shy smile, and then he looked around the room. “So what happens now?”

Dylan wanted to know that, too. Would Lewis stay with them? Or was he going to live with Harry and his team? And what about Jackson Hamilton? Was this a lever to catch him out in wrongdoing?





Chapter Eight




“I’d like to spend some time with you, Lewis, and get to know you,” said Hawthorne. The last hour had been a roller coaster of emotions and discovery, but really, nothing had changed. She still couldn’t resume her regular life. However, there was a very special link between her and this wolf, and she’d like to have an hour or two just to learn more about him and his story.

“I’d like to write down your family history as well for our genetic searches,” added Willow.

“Lewis will stay with us for a few days, but Harry has to fly home tomorrow. Tonight they’ll stay in Rhion’s apartment, and tomorrow Willow and Hawthorne can spend time with Lewis. Dakota, you’ll be there, too. Any more people than that might be too many for Lewis to accept just yet,” said Cadfael.

Hawthorne was surprised he was prepared to permit her and Willow not to have one of the men to protect them, but she understood Harry had a business to run, and Cadfael, Rhion, Dylan, and Maelor all had important work to do. Tomorrow was just another working day. Likely they didn’t even need Dakota there. Hawthorne couldn’t imagine Lewis attacking them. He’d been smart enough to run away before. If there was trouble he’d probably run away again. Not hurt people. She also knew Maelor and Dylan might not see things as she saw them. Well, too bad.

She was right. Maelor argued all night that he could replace Dakota and stay with them. It didn’t matter how often she pointed out that Cadfael was the managing director of the mall as well as the Alpha of the pack and it was his decision. She also pointed out over and over again that she was sure Lewis wasn’t the type of person who would hurt her or Willow. Nothing changed Maelor’s determination to protect her. He was still arguing as she shut the door of apartment 7C in his face the next morning so he could go on shift.

When Willow arrived, only a few minutes later, she said, “Oh my goodness. Rhion really didn’t want us to talk to Lewis without him here. These wolves are so overprotective.”

“Maelor was exactly the same. But I don’t think we really need Dakota. I’m sure we’ll be fine.”

“Me, too. Still she can join in. She might have some good ideas about questions we can ask him. She’ll have more knowledge about the wolf packs and security than either of us.”

Dakota arrived with Lewis at eight, and it was blindingly obvious to Hawthorne that the poor man was terrified of the three women. “Why don’t I make us all some coffee?” she said, walking over to the coffeepot and setting it going.

But Lewis shook his head no when she served the coffees. “Would you like a different drink? I have orange juice, or beer, or water. Or I could make you some tea.”

“Just water would be nice, thank you.”

His voice was barely above a whisper. This was going to be harder than she’d expected. Well, food usually worked to relax men. Hawthorne opened the refrigerator and pulled out a pile of salad vegetables, chopping them into bite-size chunks, and piling the pieces onto a plate. She added a tub of tzatziki dip and put that in the center of the table.

The four of them sat around the table, sipping their drinks and nibbling on the vegetables, until Willow said, “Lewis, we’re trying to discover why the werewolf packs have so few baby girls. We’ve been writing down family histories as far back as people remember. We’d like to do that with your family and any families from your pack. Is that okay?”

“I know there aren’t enough girls. But why does it matter so much? I mean, obviously there aren’t brides for the men. But what’s the point of writing it down? How will that change anything?”

Hawthorne smiled. Her sister was smart. Intrigue him with the problem and he might want to help them. “We know that when wolves mate with human women they have girl babies and boy babies in equal numbers. What we’re trying to do is discover if this has always been the case, or if it’s something new. Has something changed? If so we might be able to change it back. Or did werewolf men always marry human women and maybe it was kept secret?”

“Oh. I see.” Lewis sat forward on his chair and began counting back on his fingers. It turned out he had an excellent memory and not only recounted generations of his own family, with side detours into various cousins and their families, but he also knew most of the family history of the people he’d homeschooled with as well.

“I didn’t know there was a Werewolf Association or a Supreme Alpha though. When Harry told me about them I was surprised. I’d always assumed we were alone and isolated. That each pack was independent.”

“Likely that was because your pack was isolated up in the mountains,” said Hawthorne.

“Yes, but we had radio and later television. Not Internet though. My parents were very excited to get cable when they moved into the town.”

It was Dakota who managed to get Lewis talking about the well-being center and Jackson Hamilton. Being alone hadn’t been the torture for him it might have been for another person used to being surrounded by people all the time, but it was still unnecessarily cruel. “All the time I was there I never saw anyone except the two guards and Hamilton himself. The room doors were always closed and locked. Occasionally I heard people crying or yelling, but mostly any noises were too soft to understand any words. It was just a sense that someone was behind the door and he wasn’t happy. I know Jackson has other people locked up in there, but whether they’re werewolf shape-shifters or not, I don’t know. All I know is that some of them at least don’t want to be there,” said Lewis.

“We plan on making sure anyone who wants to leave is set free,” said Willow.

That’s what Hawthorne thought, too. She didn’t think they were ax murderers or mentally impaired people who couldn’t look after themselves. Judging by Lewis they were unlucky people who had trusted Jackson to be something he clearly wasn’t. A nice person.



* * * *



Maelor was the fourth-floor guard on duty again all day, and he had to force himself to focus on protecting the mall and all the people in it, when he’d really have much preferred to be up in the apartment with Hawthorne interviewing Lewis. The man seemed genuine, and Maelor trusted Harry Harrison, but still, he was in a small apartment with Maelor’s woman and Maelor wasn’t there to care for her. He knew Dylan would be feeling just as unsettled as he was but Hawthorne had been very adamant. The woman had a backbone of steel. Which was good. He doubted whether he would have been so very much in love with a wishy-washy woman who couldn’t make and hold onto a decision. But in this case he’d have preferred one just a little less determined. One who would have permitted him to stay in the apartment to keep watch over her.

He was pacing around the parking lot, checking that no one was just sitting in a car, or that there were no unattended parcels left against the concrete support pillars, or adolescents loitering with cans of spray paint. But today everything was quiet and peaceful and the only person sitting alone in a car was an elderly man in the passenger seat reading a newspaper. Likely waiting while his wife had her hair done or something. Nonetheless he’d keep an eye on the man just to be sure.

His cell phone beeped and he snatched it out of his pocket. “Yes, Sophie?”

“Man in a uniform with a parcel. Entering now.”

“On my way.”

Maelor ran through the parking lot to the fourth-floor entry doors, then walked briskly across to the professional suite. A man in a courier uniform was holding out paperwork to Sophie.

“Need any help, Sophie?” he asked.

“This gentleman has a parcel that has to be signed for by the recipient only, and they must show photo ID. Would you be able to ask Willow or Hawthorne Cunliffe to come downstairs please?”

Now what the fuck?

He swiped his card to enter the elevator and swiped again for the seventh floor, but called Hawthorne as well.

“I’m coming up. There’s a parcel downstairs in the lobby only you or Willow can sign for. You need photo ID.”

By the time he’d finished talking he was at the apartment, and Willow was saying, “I’ll go. It’s best if only one of us does. I’ll have to go back upstairs for my purse first though.”

“My wallet is right here. I’ll go.”

Maelor was torn. He wanted to protect Hawthorne, but logic said it would be faster and easier for her to go, so he turned to Dakota. “Don’t let anyone through that door for any reason at all until I get back. No one. Understand?”

“Yes, sir.”

Hawthorne came back into the room, sliding her wallet into her jeans pocket, and Maelor pushed her behind him until he’d reconnoitered the hallway before letting her out of the room. He heard Dakota checking the door was locked behind them as he gripped Hawthorne’s hand and walked swiftly to the elevator.

He held her behind him as the elevator doors opened, and again before they left the elevator at the fourth floor. He heard her sigh and felt her shaking her head behind his back as he did so, but she was his and he needed to keep her safe.

Sophie was chatting to the courier, who was talking about his kitten as they returned. Surely a man with a kitten couldn’t be a bad guy.

The courier showed Hawthorne the form, and Maelor read it over her shoulder, but it was simply an acknowledgment that she was the addressee of the parcel. She showed her driver’s license to the courier, who copied her license number onto his copy of the form. Hawthorne signed it, he handed over the parcel, and they were done.

Again Maelor was torn. He would have liked to walk the courier out, to ensure he got into a courier van or onto a courier motorcycle, but he couldn’t leave Hawthorne. He had to take her safely back to the apartment. She was his top priority.

Back in the hallway outside the apartment, when he went to swipe open the door it was blocked. “Who is it?” asked Willow.

“Let me.” Hawthorne pushed in front of him and hammered a knock onto the door, which opened immediately.

“What the fuck?”

“It’s our secret knock,” explained Hawthorne.

Willow and Dakota were both standing at the doorway. Both of them must have been leaning against the door to prevent him from opening it. Lewis was still sitting at the table, his eyes wide with fear. Or perhaps apprehension and lack of understanding of what was happening. Yes, he wished he knew what the fucking hell was going on as well.

“What’s in the parcel?” asked Willow.

The others went back to the table while he checked the door was locked again before walking across the room. Inside the courier bag was a large fat envelope, which Willow opened. And inside that was a bundle of documents.

“It’s about the house,” said Hawthorne.

“Of course. Why didn’t I think of that? We suggested the paperwork had to be signed for. Why didn’t I remember?” said Willow.

“A hell of a lot has been happening lately. Who’s the buyer? Is it a legitimate buyer?” he asked, remembering their main concern.

“It’s a person, not a corporation,” said Willow.

“If you get your laptop, likely we can check them out,” said Dakota.

Which reminded him that he was supposed to be on duty. The women were clustered around the papers, Lewis was sitting silent and still on his chair, just watching them.

Maelor opened the door and let himself out, checking the door was locked behind him. First he’d take another walk around the parking lot. Later he’d check in with the women to ensure everything was going all right.



* * * *



Dylan found it dreadfully hard to concentrate all day long. He wanted to know what was happening with Lewis. He needed to be reassured that Hawthorne was dealing with everything all right, that she didn’t need him to be there. On the one hand he knew she was a strong and competent person, but on the other he longed to be there just to see for himself that she was all right.

When Sophie told him about the parcel that had arrived for Willow and Hawthorne, that was just another thing for him to worry about. Finally he gave in to his nerves and texted Hawthorne to see if she was fine. Hawthorne rang him back and chattered happily about the paperwork for the sale of the house and how Dakota was helping them check information about the buyer. Instead of being relieved he just found more things to worry about. It was stupid but he couldn’t relax. He knew he was overthinking everything but she was his and he loved her. Finally he gave up and called Maelor.

“I can’t relax, Maelor. We have to claim Hawthorne. I’m a nervous wreck. All I’ve done all day is thought and worried about her.”

“I agree we need to mate Hawthorne and make her officially ours, but I don’t see how that will stop you from worrying. I’m pretty sure I’ll still worry until Jackson Hamilton is behind bars like his brother.”

“Fuck, yes. That will be the happiest day of my life. But in the meantime, tonight we mate her. I know she’ll agree. At least, I think she will.”

What if she refused? What if she didn’t want to take the formal step of mating them after all? Oh shit, that was just one more thing to worry himself sick about.



* * * *



Hawthorne was excited. The men hadn’t said anything to her, but she knew they’d planned something special because they were both nervous, especially Dylan. Also, the bedroom door to his apartment was shut, and it’d always been open in the past. So that was a giant clue.

The men brought food from The Dragon Palace, and Dylan had set the table nicely, even putting flowers in the center of it, which was sweet. After they finished eating both men enveloped her in a hug, in a way she was coming to adore, one pressing to her front, the other covering her back like a warm, sexy blanket, and both of them wrapping their arms around her.

Being hugged like this gave her the most wonderful feeling of security, protection, and love. Her entire body was encompassed in their protection, their hard-muscled strength walling her in, and she treasured the feeling of love that flowed from both men as they cuddled her.

Tonight though there was no attempt to undress her or hurry her into the bedroom. Instead they pulled her around to face them both, and Maelor said, “Hawthorne, you know we both love you very much, don’t you?”

“Of course. And I love you, too.”

“And you know we want you to mate us. To be our woman forever,” said Dylan.

Hawthorne’s breath caught in her throat. She swallowed down her emotions and replied, “I want that as well.”

“So you will mate us? You’ll be our woman?”

“Yes, I will.”

“Tonight?” Dylan pressed her for an answer.

“Yes, tonight.”

“Thank you. We’ll love you forever, with all our being,” said Maelor.

“I promise you’ll never regret your decision,” added Dylan.

This time she was swept off her feet and carried into the bedroom. Maelor held her in his arms at the door, as Dylan slipped into the room, closing the door behind him for a few brief minutes. When he opened it again dozens of tiny candles flickered throughout the room, providing the only light. A new set of sheets was on the bed. They were bloodred silk, and when she was laid on them, the sensation of luxury was incredibly decadent. She stroked her hand over the silk. “Wow, these are amazing. Wherever did you get them?”

“The adult shop of course. I think I’m their new best friend,” said Dylan.

Hawthorne grinned. “What else did you buy?”

“That’s for you to find out later. Right now we need you naked.”

“Listen to who’s talking.” She pointed to both of them. She loved seeing their naked bodies. They were mighty fine eye candy, both of them, and their cocks were highly addictive. She could look at them for hours, but she preferred to touch and taste them as well as look.

Four hands descended on her clothing, scattering it all over the room. Two mouths attacked her breasts. She threaded her own fingers through their two heads, one so dark and the other light brown, and held them to her breasts, thrusting her ribs up so their mouths took in all of her. Then hands were on her again, this time rolling her onto her side so Dylan could tease and touch her pussy while Maelor began to open her ass to accept his cock.

Dylan pulled more things from the nightstand—a box of textured condoms, a jar of aromatic oil, and warming lube.

“You did have a lot of fun in the adult shop, didn’t you?”

“Let me put some of the warming lube on your breasts to see if it works.”

“But you won’t be able to kiss me there if you do.”

“I’ll just put it on one side then.”

Hawthorne laughed, and then gasped as Maelor’s fingers in her ass began to tease and touch her in a way that demanded her attention.

“If you keep doing that I’ll come,” she warned him.

“That’s fine. It’ll just be the first of many orgasms we plan for you tonight,” said Dylan.

She reached for the box of condoms, tipping them out beside her on the bed and stroking her fingers over them. “I really like this one. The bumps are very sexy,” she said, handing it to Dylan.

“Now choose one for Maelor,” he said, rolling her first choice down his shaft.

Hawthorne sifted her hands through the condoms. So many to choose from, but she isolated one that seemed more special than the others and handed it to Maelor.

Both men lay on the bed beside her, holding her upper leg in the air and pushing their legs under her lower leg. By the time they were organized she didn’t know where her body ended and theirs began, they were such a tangle of interwoven limbs. But it didn’t matter. Everything felt so fucking good. She just wanted them to move.

“Come on.” She pulled Dylan’s arm and he wiggled closer, teasing her with his cock at her pussy entry.

Both men penetrated her together, pushing in at the same time. They’d never done that before and it was incredibly carnal. Both cocks were opening her up together, stretching her tissues wide and wider still, wiggling their way deeper inside her until her men were pressed up tight against her body and she was completely full and stretched as far as she could go to accept them. Inside she was full of cock. Outside she had a man plastered to her front and her back, their arms surrounding her, their legs wrapping around her. “Heaven,” she whispered.

As they gradually pulled out, then pushed in again, setting an excruciatingly slow pace at first, Hawthorne breathed deep, imprinting their scents on her memory, loving the smell of the oil, the candles, and the men all mixed together. Soon the main scent would be one of sex, and that would be good too, but for now she relished the variety.

She petted Dylan’s side, then Maelor’s. Lying like this meant she could only move one arm, but at least she could touch both of them.

Soon, she was unable to think any more. The men pumped into her faster and harder, working together in the devastating way they had as a team to bring her higher and higher until all she could think of was the overwhelming need to come. But as if they’d read her mind, before Hawthorne could demand to come, Maelor gripped her hips and Dylan her shoulders and they slammed into her together. Hawthorne screamed as her climax raced through her body, harder and higher than ever before. Her toes curled, her fingers dug into Dylan’s skin, and her body shook with the massive orgasm that powered though her. She was aware of both men pouring cum into their condoms, and then two heads leaned over her simultaneously as they each bit her shoulder, one on either side of her head. A second orgasm ripped through her with their bites. Hawthorne was too replete to scream again, but not too fulfilled to shiver through a second massive orgasm.

“Momma Mia. I never expected that.”

“The bites?” Dylan sounded worried.

“No, I knew about them. It’s just I didn’t realize I’d come again when you bit me.”

“Hmm. Perhaps we ought to bite you more often then,” teased Maelor.

She giggled lightly as they cuddled together until her underneath arm began to feel stiff. As they untangled themselves Maelor said, “I know this doesn’t solve the problem of your safety, but all werewolves will know that you are ours now.”

“I’m proud to belong to you and Dylan. But Dakota has a plan to reveal Jackson as a criminal. She’s going undercover into the well-being center with the help of the information Lewis has given us.”

“Dakota? Undercover?”

“Holy shit.”

“If anyone can find out what Willow and I need to free us from him forever, it’s Dakota,” said Hawthorne, happily snuggling between her two mates.





THE END



WWW.CARAADAMSROMANCE.BLOGSPOT.COM





ABOUT THE AUTHOR





Cara Adams adores erotic romance, especially ménage, BDSM, and shape-shifters. One day, someone said to her, “Why don’t you put them all in one book?” So she did.





For all titles by Cara Adams, please visit

www.bookstrand.com/cara-adams





Siren Publishing, Inc.

www.SirenPublishing.com





